Ladies, please. These four walls once housed an intellectual salon where the mind received nourishment as well as the stomach. But through no one’s fault, Penny, the quality of dinner conversation in this apartment has declined. And again, I’m looking at no one in particular, Penny.
I’ve prepared a number of topics that should appeal to both the advanced and novice conversationalists.
Topic one. Faster-than-light particles at CERN, paradigm-shifting discovery or another Swiss export as full of holes as their cheese? And converse.
You’re leaving?
Ah. New topic. Women, delightfully mysterious or bat-crap crazy?
She popped by to borrow a cup of mad cow disease.
Can we? Stand back while I turn this conversation into a conver-sensation.
I have 100 alphabetized topics from artichoke, come on, people, it’s just a giant thistle, to zzz, the onamona-poetry of sleep.
What?
Sorry. I’m a little distracted. I can’t seem to get in touch with Amy. I tried e-mail, video chat, tweeting her, posting on her Facebook wall, texting her, nothing.
The telephone. You know, Leonard, in your own simple way, you may be the wisest of us all. Voice mail. Curiouser and curiouser.
Okay. You know, I heard in the news a bobcat has been spotted in her neighbourhood.
Who thinks Amy was eaten by a bobcat?
Leonard, I was just mentioning an interesting local news item. Now, thanks to you, I’m worried Amy’s been eaten by a bobcat.
How can I? You won’t stop talking about it.
She sounds weepy. I don’t like weepy. Let’s go.
Where are you going?
You didn’t respond to any of my electronic communications.
Would you like to talk about it? And keep in mind that no is a perfectly viable answer.
Point of order. As you’re in distress, it would be customary for me to offer you a hot beverage. But I’m a guest in your home, so it would be customary for you to offer me a beverage. How do you want to proceed vis-a-vis beverages?
If you’d like to take your mind off what’s troubling you, uh, word on the street is a bobcat has been spotted.
And that made you feel sad?
I knew it. Just keep going, I guess I’m good at this.
When they were over here, did you fail to offer them a beverage? ‘Cause I can see how that could stick in someone’s craw.
Always.
Oh, boy. You know ours is a relationship of the mind.
Counterproposal. I will gently stroke your head and repeat, aw, who’s a good Amy.
Neck massage, then you get me that beverage.
Very well. Oh, boy. (They cuddle, awkwardly.)
The two of you need to get your women in line!
Last night I was strong-armed into an evening of harp music and spooning with an emotional Amy Farrah Fowler. This on a night that I had originally designated for solving the space-time geometry in higher-spin gravity and building my Lego Death Star. And why? Your gal pals, Penny and Bernadette, went out shopping for some wedding nonsense without Amy, an action they took with no thought or regard as to how it would affect me, the future of string theory or my Lego fun time.
You clearly weren’t listening to my topic sentence, get your women in line! You make them apologize to Amy and set things right. I am a man of science, not someone’s snuggle bunny!
You invited her to lunch four years ago. Everything about her is on you, you make it so!
Did you know that when Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he proposed answering it with ahoy? Ahoy. I like it. Amy? Is that you? Have you been drinking? I’m sorry, I bet my sweet what? Well, all right. We’re on our way.
It would seem Amy is drunk in a liquor store parking lot.
Leonard, be glad you can’t keep a woman. They are a handful.
Yes, Cuddles. We cuddled. Grow up, Leonard.
I’m begging both of you, please, let’s go.
