I’m going to need a larger shirt. This one’s a little tight under the arms.
Yes, of course that’s why it’s tight.
You’re kidding. Shouldn’t the question be why aren’t you?
Leonard, these rental tuxedos have been worn by hundreds of sweaty strangers. I don’t like my own sweat touching my skin, how do you think I feel about theirs?
Said the hangman offering a noose.
Ah, much better.
A little. But not more than your urethras will be after whatever’s in those pants swims up them. Well, I cut quite the dashing, yet hygienic figure, don’t I? I look like the Flash about to get married. Oh! A tissue! A tissue! Oh, good Lord!
Keys! Keys! Keys!
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
It’s not an accident. I waited outside your door for twenty minutes.
I must say, I was surprised you chose to spend our date night in your apartment. As I mentioned, the Pasadena City Council is debating longer crosswalk times, and later, the LEGO store is having a midnight madness sale. You ask anyone, that’s a hot date.
What can be more special than having an adequate amount of time to cross the street on your way to buy a tiny LEGO Indiana Jones?
Oh, dear Lord. Two years ago, we didn’t even know each other, and now I’m in your apartment after dark. How much faster can this thing go?
Oh, you brain monkeys kill me. Dip away.
And how do you propose to do that? Uh, hope you’re not thinking about some sort of LSD thought control. Because there’s only one mind-expanding drug that this man enjoys, and that’s called school.
Well, seems what’s on the menu tonight is malarkey with a big side of poppycock.
Super Mario Bros. theme?
I see what you’re doing. You’re attempting to build on the work of Ebbinghaus by triggering an involuntary memory of me playing that game, admittedly the happiest 600 hours of my childhood, but it won’t work.
Da-da-da da-da dum, boink, boink.
You know I don’t drink.
I love strawberry Quik. It’s my favourite pink fluid, narrowly beating out Pepto-Bismol.
Spaghetti with little pieces of hot dog cut up in it!
Oh yummy, yummy! We should do this more often. Uh-oh.
Bishop to queen four, level two. Check.
I’m fine.
Very well. Can I ask you a question about women?
No, I’m having a relationship problem with Amy. And by the way, that book gave me nightmares.
Look at us, Leonard, engaging in the social convention of men bellyaching about their ol’ ladies.
Believe it or not, Amy has embarked on a campaign to increase my feelings for her by making me happy.
It’s awful. This morning, she arranged for me to be an Amtrak junior conductor for the day. It, it’s usually only open to children. She got them to make an exception.
They let me blow the whistle, Leonard.
I know. And it gets worse. Her efforts are causing me to have affectionate feelings for her at inappropriate times.
No! Would you please stop referencing that infernal book? For example, this morning, I was calculating the random motion of virtual particles in a vacuum, when suddenly the particles morphed into an image of Amy’s dandruff gently cascading down onto her pale, slightly hunched shoulders. Oh, what has that vixen done to me, Leonard? And how do I make it stop?
I assume we’re talking about you now?
So, that’s how this works? I complain, and then you complain, and no one offers any solutions?
Well, no wonder the women are winning.
I’m in hell, Leonard. Don’t stop.
