Movies or video games? Or board game? Or trading card games? Or Lego’s? Or dress up? Or comic books? Or dramatic readings of novelizations? Yes to all!
The online game? Bully!
Just tell her I can’t come.
She’s 93. She won’t be disappointed for very long.
Amy, the relationship agreement was not designed for either one of us to get our way.
I use it to get the right way. The fact that the right way is also my way is a happy coincidence.
Yeah, well, who wants to spend the whole weekend, running around a bunch of pretend planets battling made up monsters. That’s for babies.
Yeah, please, Amy! It’s got lightsabres!
Hello Stuart.
Yes. I’m attending a party this weekend, for a 93-year-old woman. Can you recommend a gift?
Do you supply the the tennis ball?
Then no. What else?
Well, she’d just look silly wearing that without the rest of the costume.
Oh, it’s not your fault. I’ve been to the model train store. I’ve been to Radio Shack. This woman is impossible to shop for.
No, Leonard, go ahead and mock. Like my daddy always said, Shelly, women aren’t anything but flippin’ pains in the bottom.
Well, I took out the bad words and the yeehaw, but you get the gist.
Yeah, I always thought if I were ever enslaved, it would be by an advanced species from another planet, not some hotsy-totsy from Glendale.
You’re right. I’m smart as a whip. I should be able to figure this out.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny! (Knock, knock, knock) Penny! (Knock, knock, knock) Penny!
Hello, Penny. I just stopped by to bring you this gift.
Now that you’re in my debt, please manipulate Amy into releasing me from my commitment to attend her aunt’s tedious birthday party.
All right. I thought the candy might not be enough so let me up the ante. These are Cooper Coupons. These are for various things I can do for you. Um, oh, this one is for one free grammar check. Uh, you could use it for emails, letters, tattoos, what have you. Um, oh, this is fun one. This is an afternoon with me at the California Science Center, where I point out their mistakes.
Oh, come on. It’s just a simple favour. Now, when’s the last time I asked you to do something for me?
When is the last time I asked you to do something that wasn’t a medical emergency?
All right, then, I have no choice but to go on to plan B.
I’m going to run around outside with a wet head and try to catch a cold.
Hello.
All right.
Yes. I decided to find a way that I could have this experience and enjoy it.
Oh, don’t thank me. Thank wireless technology. I realized, I can go to your aunt’s awful party and still spend the whole day gaming with my friends.
Oh, I got that covered. Headset. I won’t hear a word the old geezers are saying.
Thanks. Ooh, listen, I wouldn’t mind a piece of birthday cake, provided the old gal’s candle blow is clean and dry.
Gentlemen, the game offers us a choice between playing for the Republic and the light side, or the Sith Empire and the dark side.
Those women are prostitutes? You said they were raising money for stem cell research.
Is the whip sound app contextually appropriate here?
Oh, good. Hah-hah!
Dr. Rostenkowski, it may interest you to know that saying pew, pew, pew isn’t as effective as pressing your blaster key. In the same way that saying whee doesn’t make the land speeder go.
Hah-hah!
That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever experienced. And I am sipping Kool-Aid through a Red Vine.
Armin who?
I think I understand. You’re the one person who can say Sheldon Cooper is your boyfriend, but that rings hollow if you can’t lord him over others in the flesh. I forget what I bring to the party and what I take away when I leave. Please accept these valuable Cooper Coupons as restitution.
Well played, Amy Farrah Fowler. Let me get my coat. (Whip sound) Oh, grow up, Leonard.
