Oh, dear Lord. A man pops out for a moment to evacuate his bowels and catch up on the adventures of the Caped Crusader, only to emerge and discover his apartment has been transformed into a cabaret.
This is how you’re going to entertain your little cousin and his friends? By lying to them?
A magic show is an inherently deceitful proposition. This is an ordinary top hat. You’ve chosen that card freely. I do not have a set of lock picks lodged in my keister.
If we poison the critical thinking faculties of children by telling them that rabbits come out of hats, then we create adults who believe in astrology and homeopathy and that Ryan Reynolds was a better choice for Green Lantern than lovable rogue Nathan Fillion.
Coins lodged in body parts is not a source of amusement. When I was five, Billy Sparks put a Mexican peso up my nose.
It’s still there. Takes me 45 minutes to get through airport security. (Storms out)
And that is the answer to the question, what is wrong with eating at The Cheesecake Factory?
All right, without objection, the minutes of the previous date are considered read and agreed to. Any new business?
Superb. This morning I made a palindrome with my Alpha-Bits. Nice hat, Bob Tahecin.
Ooh! Speaking of good news, somebody just hit 100 Twitter followers.
Yeah, me, too. Triple digits, I’m not gonna lie, feels pretty good.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ooh, 101! Air’s getting a bit thin up here.
Well, that’s odd. We both washed up when we came in. It’s probably a euphemism for urination.
Not much. Although, I can be faulted for being overly fond of koala bears. I don’t know what it is, when they smart munching on eucalyptus, I just melt inside.
Oh, I see why you’re confused. No, her news sounded important, but what you’re forgetting is, it was an achievement in the field of biology. That’s all about yucky, squishy things.
What if they simply don’t excite me?
She’d see right through that. We go to the zoo all the time. She knows my koala face. And for future reference, it’s this.
Yes.
Had a rough night. I thought I’d go for a walk and clear my head.
It’s after nine o’clock, at this hour the streets of Pasadena are teeming with drunken sailors and alley cats.
No. I think I’ll just go in this saloon and drink my troubles away.
Hard as this may be to believe, it’s possible that I’m not boyfriend material.
Amy had a fight. I was being perfectly reasonable. I’m gonna have a whiskey. Do you want anything?
I’ll say.
I’m sorry. It’s the alcohol talking. Go on.
Nuts to that. What else you got?
How does that work?
Well, that approach has Sheldon Cooper written all over it.
It’s appreciated. And if you ever manage to find a woman again, I’ll be glad to return the favour.
I don’t think there’s anything in this jewellery store that Amy would appreciate more than the humidifier we were just looking at at Sears.
Ooh, a pocket watch.
No, but maybe she wants a man with a pocket watch.
Well, she’s very fond of her silver one that says allergic to penicillin. Maybe they have a dressier version of that?
Excuse me. I don’t see why you get to snort derisively and point that out. You’d be lucky to land a fella like me.
(Snorts) Trust me, we are not a couple.
Remarkable. Diamonds, crystallized carbon. Every day, people go to the grocery store and come home with sacks full of carbon in the form of charcoal briquettes that they toss in their barbeques and set on fire. But just because you’ve got some carbon with the atoms stacked neatly, you expect me to plunk down thousands of dollars.
Really. Talk to me about that pocket watch.
What time did you tell Amy to be here?
Nonsense. I look like a train conductor. Under what pretext did you lure her here?
Good, good, if you had said something clever, she might’ve gotten suspicious.
Thank you. Amy, I’d like to apologize. Your accomplishment was impressive. And I’m proud of you.
I told you.
You’re right, the tiara was too much.
