Penny, a moment. We just had Thai food. In that culture, the last morsel is called the krengjai piece, and it is reserved for the most important and valued member of the group.
I’ve seen pictures of your mother, keep eating.
Wait. Uh, which is closer to the new train store in Monrovia, the movie theatre or the Cheesecake Factory?
Oh, well, then I guess it doesn’t matter which one of you drives me. Let’s play a fun guessing game to see who gets to take me. All right, this four-letter word describes either a printer’s type size or a compulsion to eat dirt.
No, Penny, don’t give up, you can get this.
Oh, I’m not buying anything. They’re having a lecture. H-O gauge railroading. Half the size of O-gauge, but twice the fun. Very controversial topic.
I’ll let you know after tonight. Unlike some people, I’m going in with an open mind. Who am I kidding? Of course we all know it’s O-gauge or no gauge.
Howard, I think I can help here. Yes, Bernadette, that’s exactly what he thinks.
Okay, everybody calm down. There is a simple solution here. Raj, take me to the train store, and then I don’t care what you people do.
Well, you can add Jerry’s Junction to the list of train stores Sheldon Cooper will never set foot in again.
You don’t know the half of it. It was billed as a lively give-and-take on the merits of model train sizes. But it was actually a set-up to intimidate weak-minded spineless rubes into buying H-O starter sets.
I don’t want to talk about it. But it’s not a spine,I’ll tell you that.
Not my fault. You said there’d be other scientists there my age.
Ha-ha, you have to go to a wedding.
All this years, I’ve been so wrong. The tinier the train, the more concentrated the fun.
Better than James Bond, because he’s tinier.
All aboard! Woo-woo! It’s official. I’m an H-O trainiac.
Leonard. Check it out. I bought an N-gauge locomotive. Half the size of H-O. Look, it fits in my mouth.
I did. How was yours?
What exactly do you mean by that?
To send a message. She is not for you.
Not for you!
