What are you doing?
It’s eight o’clock in the morning in Mumbai. How can she have dinner?
All right, so technically it’s not a dinner date. I suppose you could call it a, uh, dinfast date. But if you did, you’d open yourself to peer-based mocking, such as, Hey, Leonard, how was your dinfast with Priya last night?
You didn’t let me finish. Dinfast (rolls eyes). Are those soy-based candles?
Paraffin candles may contain carcinogens. Unless lung cancer is the ambiance you were going for at your dinfast. Dinfast (rolls eyes).
Oh, yes, Priya. Leonard, you know I make a point of never interfering in your personal affairs.
As well you should. But I’m going to make an exception here.
Priya has moved back to India to pursue her law career. Instead of desperately trying to keep this intercontinental relationship alive, you could use that time to take up a hobby.
Yes. I read recently about a fellow in Kansas with an enormous ball of twine. I bet you could give him a run for his money.
When I rise to power, those people will be sterilized.
Don’t you like Amy?
Well, there’s the difference. (Skype tone rings)
I miss the old days when your romantic partners could be returned to the video store.
Thanks for letting me stay here while Leonard Skypes with his girlfriend.
If we were an old married couple, the wife would serve iced tea and snickerdoodles.
A good wife would go to the store.
Good. On the way to see the lawyer, pick up some tea and cookies. I must say, I am enjoying your new chair.
It is. Aligns the lumbar, cradles the coccyx, balances the buttocks. This is a chair worthy of the name.
Chair.
What?
Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. (Starts stripping off clothing)
I’ve been sitting in garbage!
You take it easy! I need to use your shower.
There’s a wet Band-Aid on the shower floor. (Runs out of apartment).
Oh, Leonard, good. There you are. I need you to check my head for chair lice.
Yes, I did. And now they’re cavorting at the base of my hair follicles like dancing hippies at the Redwood National Forest.
Name one time I’ve ever done that.
I said, name one. You really need to work on your listening skills.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
You need to remove that chair from the building. It’s a health hazard.
Really?
It certainly looks okay. Has a strong toxic chemical smell. That’s reassuring.
All right. It is a comfortable chair.
No, thank you. (Sees insect. More appear and swarm all over him. He jumps out of a daydream on his own couch. Jumps up and runs out to Penny’s apartment.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
You have to get rid of the chair.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
For your safety, please wait in my apartment as I call the authorities so they may remove the chair of death.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Under my authority as a self-appointed member of the Centres for Disease Control street team, these premises are condemned. (Penny tries to close door) As a man with a keen sense of style, I must tell you, that chair does not work with the room. (Penny closes door). (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Penny opens door and waves seat cushion at him. He screams and runs off. She closes door. He sneaks back) (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
If your video’s frozen, try resetting the TCP/IP stack.
You’re welcome. Please let me know when you and your girlfriend are done hogging the bandwidth for your self-abuse. I’m trying to stream a movie on Netflix in here.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy.
Is not. Is not, is not.
Thank you.
No.
No.
You’re good friends with Penny, right?
I was hoping she might listen to you about the dangers of owning unhygienic furniture.
Cholera is water-borne. You’re mocking me.
Penny has dragged a chair in off the street whose unknown provenance jeopardizes the health and welfare of every resident in our building.
All right, name your price.
You mean like Salt Lake City?
Thank you.
No. I dislike the sound of the harp. Its overuse in classic television sitcoms always makes me think I’m going to experience an episode from my past. (Amy plays glissando) I’m sorry, Mommy. Don’t be mad at me. Don’t do that!
