289, right between the Game Show Network at 288 and the East coast feed of the Disney Channel on 290.
Dried potatoes, vegetable oil, corn flower, wheat starch, maltodextrin, salt, and my favourite ingredient of all, uniformity.
Remarkable. In just under a half hour, 200 metric tons of fuel will ignite in a controlled explosion right beneath Howard’s keister. And all from a country whose entire contribution to the global economy, has been Tetris and mail-order brides.
Thank you for the invitation, but I have to decline because it doesn’t sound like something I’ll enjoy.
That’s what you said about The Green Lantern movie. You were 114 minutes of wrong.
It does, indeed. Leonard, is it awkward being here with Penny given that you recently proposed to her?
He asked her during coitus.
Leonard, where did you envision marrying Penny?
I’ll do it, provided I can perform the ceremony in Klingon.
What do you see in her?
You didn’t have to do that.
Oh, dear. I was afraid of this.
While a thoughtful gift, this comic book in this condition is worth at least a hundred dollars.
I bought you and Bernadette a gravy boat worth eighty-eight dollars. Which places me in your debt and I can’t be in your debt because someday you might ask me to help you move, or to kill a man.
Well, what if it’s his only way out? I can’t risk it. Here is twelve dollars. Now, we’re even. Wait, wait, wait, I bought a card. Give me two dollars. And for the record, this is why I hate gift-giving.
I think the Reverend Hofstadter is making an ironic connection between your statement about love and your rejection of his proposal in the bedroom.
Would you like some aloe vera? You just got burned. All right, my turn. Howard, Bernadette. Daq tu’ taH Daq yIn tlhej ghajtaH.
Fine, I’ll do it in English, but it loses something. The need to find another human being to share one’s life with has always puzzled me. Maybe because I’m so interesting all by myself. With that being said, may you find as much happiness with each other as I find on my own. The Klingon would have made you cry.
And the Klingon High Council…
Boldly go, Howard Wolowitz.
