Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to the premiere episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Over the next 52 weeks, you and I are going to explore the dynamic world of vexillology.
Vexillology is the study of flags.
Did you have fun doing it?
Fun and information are two sides to this video podcast, not unlike the only two-sided state flag, Oregon. Oh, look. Hello, Mr. Beaver. In future episodes, we’ll answer some burning questions. What’s the only non-rectangular flag? What animal appears most often on flags? What animal appears second most often on flags? And more.
Why are you waving a white flag?
you gotta know how to hold ’em, you gotta know how to fold ’em. Let’s start by identifying the parts of our flag. This edge is the hoist, and it’s used to…
Cut. Did you not see we are rolling?
And I have flag knowledge that I have to get out of here!
No, I’m a little rattled. But like the flag over Fort Sumter, I’m still here. And, take two. Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to the premiere episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Over the next 52 weeks, you and I are going to explore the dynamic world of vexillology.
Vexillology is… why is there a face on that flag?
Confound it! You’re right, it’s brilliant. Let’s take it from the top.
Cut! Take 47.
Here’s an interesting fact about flags.
The flags of Liechtenstein and Haiti were identical by coincidence, a fact that wasn’t discovered until they competed against each other at the 1936 Olympics. And thankfully, their embarrassment was overshadowed by the rise of Fascism.
Speaking of cowboys, do you know what country has not one but two cows on its flag? The tiny landlocked nation of Andorra. Oh, the next classic episode of Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags is writing itself.
Careful, it’s that kind of sass that can get a person uninvited to this year’s Who Con.
All right, that’s it. Who Con, you’re out.
How about constantly talks with food in her mouth?
Well done, Dr. Koothrappali.
You’ve taken a great evolutionary leap by abandoning human interaction and allowing yourself to romantically bond with a soulless machine. Kudos.
Oh, no, of course. I understand. You’re afraid the world isn’t ready for your taboo love. Your secret’s safe with me.
Kripke.
Guten Tag, das YouTube. Ich bin ein Bavarian.
Und dis is Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun…
Flags.
