I don’t know. If we’re going to start a fantasy sword collection, and I’ve long thought we should, is this really the sword to start with?
Well, off the top of my head, I’d have to go with Excalibur. It gives you the right to rule England.
Fair enough. It’d give you the right to rule a replica of England.
Mm. Tough decision. There’s no weaponry from Lord of the Rings, forged in a Chinese sweatshop?
Two grown men with a hobbit’s dagger; wouldn’t we look silly? Okay, let’s go for it.
Okay? It’s magnificent.
Only 8,000? We’re wasting precious time. Buy it.
Oh, did you hear that? We’re getting the friends and family discount. We are honoured and we will take it.
What are you doing? Two fifty is already the discounted price.
Take it, take it.
Killing you? I can’t breathe.
Oh, now, we can’t let him lose money, Leonard. I’m so sorry.
I’ve long said, what you lack in academic knowledge you make up for in street smarts.
Hello, Wil Wheaton.
It’s part of my sword collection. Do you have a sword collection?
I’m not surprised.
Sucker. Didn’t even ask for the friends and family discount.
I see what you’re doing. You accept an invitation to a party at the home of my sworn enemy, he tells everyone we’re going to be there, and when we don’t show, he looks the fool. Fiendishly clever.
And then declaring the party a fiasco and storming out, leaving him humiliated in front of his guests. Love it.
Possibly.
It’s not that simple, Leonard.
At this moment, our relationship exists in two mutually contradictory states. Until you either do not go or go to Wil Wheaton’s party, you are simultaneously my friend and not my friend. I’m characterizing this phenomenon as Schrodinger’s Friendship.
Of course. Now get it yourself, you traitor.
In case you have forgotten, Schrodinger’s cat is a thought experiment…
Mohammed Lee.
Mohammed is the most common first name in the world, Lee, the most common surname. As I didn’t know the answer, I thought that gave me a mathematical edge.
That was a lovely toast. Kudos.
Simultaneously, a festival of cloying clichés. You sicken me.
Don’t talk to me as if nothing’s happened between us. And yes, it sure is, buddy.
Would you prefer a simpler application of Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle, in which I could either know where you are or whether I like you, but not both?
In fact, I have 61 of them. Would you like to see the list?
You just got off the list. Would you like back on it? This’ll just take a moment. It’s on a five and a quarter inch floppy.
Well, I started the list when I was nine.
As a child, I loved Wesley Crusher, Wil Wheaton’s character on Star Trek. So, I drove for hours by bus to a Star Trek convention at which Wil Wheaton was scheduled to appear, so that I could get my Wesley Crusher action figure signed. But he never showed, because apparently, it was cooler for him to be the lower-left corner on Hollywood Squares. Oh, damn! The floppy failed. Well, whoever was in charge of quality control at the Verbatim Corporation in 1989, congratulations, you just made the list.
Interesting. You see betrayal in others, but not yourself.
Oh, of course you would have to believe that. Evil always thinks it’s doing right. Excuse me, Stormtrooper. These are the droids you’re looking for.
Not yet.
No, Leonard, this is your last chance. One day, a historian is going to come to you and say, is it true you were friends with Dr. Sheldon Cooper? And you’re going to have to choke back a hot sob of regret and humiliation as you mumble, I was, but I chose to go to a party thrown by the one kid from Stand By Me that no one remembers.
Oh, good. You picked me, you picked me.
Brent Spiner?
I don’t care.
I did, but I think I’ve kind of outgrown Star Trek. You know, stock characters, ludicrous plots, beam me up. What a load of hooey.
Yeah, even that. You look like a dork.
Fighting for our friendship. As peculiar and annoying as you can be, you’re still my little buddy. I’m not going to let that end here tonight. Now put down that drink, let’s meet Brent Spiner and go home.
What I’d like is for him to have a more depressing home. This is quite lovely.
An original mint-in-package Wesley Crusher action figure.
To Sheldon, sorry this took so long. Your friend, Wil Wheaton.
Look, everyone. Wil Wheaton is my friend!
Brent Spiner, what have you done? That was an original mint-in-package Wesley Crusher action figure signed by my close personal friend, Wil Wheaton.
You’ve already signed something, Brent Spiner. Your name on my list. From this moment on, you are my mortal enemy.
Come on, buddy. Let’s not waste another second on this loser. Love your house.
