These shrimp are all the same size. There’s no the logical order to eat them in.
Mm, indeed.
Dibs.
What are you doing here, Kripke?
This is not your office. It hasn’t been assigned yet.
Dibs? This is a university, not a playground. Offices are not assigned because someone called dibs.
Shut it. Offices are assigned by seniority. I arrived at the university first.
I found him. He’s in the bathroom. President Siebert?
I’m sorry. We just need a word.
We tried. His assistant said he was on sabbatical. Although we distinctly heard his office window open and shut.
Oh, my. President Siebert, I don’t mean to be an alarmist, but difficulty initiating a urine stream could be a symptom of benign prostatic hyperplasia. If you’re interested, I can send you a link to a YouTube video that’ll show you how to perform your own rectal exam. Yeah, uh, helpful hint, trim your nails first.
Oh, he’s just trying to butter you up. And for the record, butter is an excellent lubricant for your rectal exam.
Kripke?
You’re in my spot.
Oh, that’ll be Kripke.
We’re going to work this office situation out like gentlemen. And if that doesn’t work, I’m going to poison his tea.
Kripke. Come in. I’m making tea. Would you like a cup?
Fine. In the interest of preserving our friendship…
Well, that’s a little hard to hear, but all right. As you know, the essence of diplomacy is compromise. With that in mind, I propose the following. I will take Rothman’s office, and you will find a way to be okay with that.
You sure I can’t get you that cup of tea?
Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock was created by Internet pioneer Sam Kass as an improvement on the classic game Rock-Paper-Scissors. All hail Sam Kass.
Oh, it’s very simple. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Well, of course. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Surely. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock…
Is he? Well, then, it seems we have reached an impasse. I see no other option than to challenge you to a duel. I’d smack you with a glove, but just last week I packed away my winter things.
Voyager trivia, or model trains.
Five what?
Ew!
Hey! He did that on purpose,
Use the force, Sheldon. Use the force. (Throws ball. It goes about two feet in front of him.) I’m gonna need more force.
What do you propose?
I don’t think so, Kripke. I’ve bounced many a rubber ball in my day.
Who’s unsatisfactory in P.E. now?
Ah, the spoils. I see why victors love them.
Oh, of course you are. Feel free to drop by any time.
Yeah. Call first. (Pushes him out. Closes door. Rothman is standing naked behind it.)
Professor Rothman. This isn’t your office any more. You’re retired.
I’m trying to raise the temperature in here before my nipples tear through my shirt.
Aha! Good question. It turns out the thermostat for my new office isn’t in my new office. No. It’s next door, in Professor Davenport’s office, who is currently enjoying the hot flashes associated with menopause.
There was something in the wall that someone outside the wall wanted, or the more disturbing, there was something in the wall that wanted out.
Is it? Listen.
No, I hate them, but it gets worse. There it is.
Yeah, It’s completely out of tune with the wind chimes.
You don’t get it, do you? That’s a mockingbird. Mockingbirds can change their song, which means he’s out of tune on purpose. He’s mocking me. Oh dear. There it is again. Do you feel it?
No. The vibration. We are directly underneath the geology lab, and they’re running their confounded sieve shakers again. Hey, gravel monkeys, if you need to shake rocks, try jiggling your heads around!
How can I relax? My nervous system is being stretched out like the strings of a harp and plucked by holes and birds and wind and the low-hanging scrotum of the difficult-to-evict Professor Rothman.
What, and let him win? Do I look crazy to you? We’re trying to think down here, you geode-loving feldspar jockeys! (To the bird) And you, the notes are C, D, E, G and A. You pick one or I am chopping down that tree!
Help! Somebody help!
I was trying to see what was in here and my head got stuck.
It’s called scientific curiosity. Now go get butter.
