The entrance to the dungeon is a moss covered door. You manage to open it only to find yourself face-to-face with a hideous, foul-smelling, moss-covered ogre. What do you do?
Seventeen. The ogre is amused by your joke and allows you to pass. By the by, I liked it, too.
You see a dragon.
When you play Chutes and Ladders, do you complain about all the chutes and all the ladders?
Gentlemen, please focus. You’re facing a fire-breathing dragon.
Because you don’t have a girlfriend? Well, good Lord, if that becomes a reason not to play Dungeons and Dragons, this game’s in serious trouble.
One moment. I’m conducting an experiment.
Yes. From here on in, I’ve decided to make all trivial decisions with a throw of the dice, thus freeing up my mind to do what it does best, enlighten and amaze. Page 14, item seven.
A side of corn succotash. Hmm. Interesting.
Let’s see what I’ll be washing that succotash down with. A pitcher of margaritas.
That’s the great thing. It doesn’t matter. My mind is freed up to think about more important things.
Hamburgers and lemonade.
And now for dessert, come on, hot fudge sundae, come on, hot fudge sundae. Bam! That’s what I’m talking about!
Don’t thank me. Thank the dice. They told me what percentage of my face to shave.
Because it’s working. In the past few weeks, unburdened by trivial decisions, I’ve co-authored two papers in notable peer-reviewed journals, and I’m close to figuring out why the Large Hadron Collider has yet to isolate the Higgs boson particle.
The dice giveth and the dice taketh away.
Me neither.
Yeah, I actually have information about Raj that would be helpful with this discussion.
Let’s see. (Rolls dice) Snake eyes. Sorry, bud.
Okay, get this. It doesn’t matter if he’s showering her with gifts, because the Koothrappalis are vastly wealthy.
Well, wealthy means a lot of money, and vastly means even more. I’m not sure what’s tripping you up.
No, you’re wrong. See, as you know, a few years ago, I achieved one of my lesser dreams and became a notary public. Well, from time to time, I notarize banking documents for Raj. The Koothrappalis aren’t just rich, they’re Richie Rich rich.
About halfway between Bruce Wayne and Scrooge McDuck.
Can’t figure out what to do? I remember those days. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to… (rolls dice) stay right here.
Should I use the rest room or wait until we get home? Come on, papa needs to void his bladder. Oh, that’s not what you want to see after three buttermilks.
Hurry, hurry, hurry.
