Emergency preparedness drill.
Yeah, you know how it works. Once a quarter, keep our readiness up. Now, rise and shine, sleepy head. Half the town is probably dead.
I think you’ll like the drill tonight. I’ve tried to make it fun. Each of these cards contains a detailed scenario of a possible apocalyptic event. Everything from wild fires to a surprise invasion by Canada. Pick a catastrophe, any catastrophe.
Yeah, really? You think those hippies in Washington and Oregon can stop them?
All righty! An 8.2 magnitude earthquake devastates Pasadena, reducing mighty edifices to dust, engulfing the city in flames. The streets flow with blood and echo with the cries of the wounded. Oh, excellent choice. Now, put on your hard hat and safety vest.
You make that joke every three months. I still don’t get it. Leonard, wait. What are you doing?
Look around you, there’s hypothetical broken glass everywhere. Really? You’re going to face Armageddon without your orthotics? All right, your choice. (Grabs him and pushes him over) Uh-oh, hypothetical aftershock!
And that’s why we wear hard hats.
not only will he probably die in a fiery inferno, his incessant whining would most certainly spoil everyone else’s day.
You can’t go home. You have to take me to the dentist at four o’clock.
Of course I can. It’s coming back under the residual effects of the anaesthesia, that’s the problem. Two years ago after a deep gum cleaning, I thought I got on a bus but somehow wound up on a booze cruise to Mexico.
Yeah, they have to, I’m a biter.
Wrong, sir. Wrong. Under section 37B of the roommate agreement, miscellaneous duties, you are obligated to take me to the dentist. See? It’s right here after providing a confirmation sniff on questionable dairy products.”
Well, it has. Ask anybody.
Hold on. Are you saying that you want to invoke Clause 209?
Think carefully here. Clause 209 suspends our friendship, and strips down the roommate agreement to its bare essentials. Our responsibilities toward each other would only be rent, utilities and a perfunctory chin jut of recognition as we pass in the hall. (Demonstrating) ‘Sup?
Right here. Use your finger.
All right. That’s it. We are now no longer companions, boon or otherwise. We are now merely acquaintances. To amend the words of Toy Story, you have not got a friend in me.
Yeah, well, tell it to someone who cares.
Hello, dear friends. And Dr. Hofstadter.
‘Sup? My apologies. I would’ve been here sooner, but the bus kept stopping for other people to get on it.
Oh, your concern for me is touching. It will serve you well when you take me to the dentist tomorrow.
You’re my girlfriend and you’re not going to cater to my every need? Oh, where’d the magic go?
Well, if Amy’s too busy, that gives the rest of you an opportunity to make my life easier, thus assuring yourselves a footnote in my memoirs, tentatively entitled You’re Welcome, Mankind. All right, then, just shout when you hear the task you want to undertake. Uh, dentist. Okay, we can circle back to that one. Um, well, who wants to take me Wednesday morning to get new heels put on my dress shoes? Anyone? Oh. That one had hoot written all over it. Um, all right, uh, dermatologist? Allergist? Podiatrist? Supercuts? Okay, okay, here’s a fun one. Um, I need a new picture frame and I have a hankering for Swedish meatballs. Who wants to spend the day with me at IKEA?
What’s that?
Hello, Stuart.
No, no. I was just sitting at home thinking about how it might be nice to catch up with my ninth favourite person.
You moved up one. My pen pal in Somalia was kidnapped by pirates. So, uh, how are you?
Great. Great. So, what’s new with your family? How’s your mother? Is she alive?
And your father? Alive?
How about your grandparents, they alive?
Oh, I’m so sorry for your loss. On a cheerier note, I have a teeth-cleaning appointment this afternoon. What do you say you take me over there, buddy boy?
Yes. And now, I can’t make any promises, but that’s the sort of thing that gets a fella on the short list for the number eight friend slot.
Can’t help a friend out in a time of need, huh? I see where your therapist was coming from.
‘Sup?
Not necessary. No. I found a service that’ll send a van to your house for a teeth cleaning. Mostly they cater to dogs, but the fellow on the phone seemed to have an open mind.
Are you suggesting that you’ve come to your senses and wish to re-establish the mutual benefits that stem from full participation in the roommate agreement?
I will admit nothing of the sort. And now if you’ll excuse me, I have to call my dentist and see if I can also get my hair shampooed and my nails clipped.
Power failure. Implementing power-failure protocol.
Oh, that was wildly carcinogenic. Anyway, it’s too bad you’re no longer entitled to the full benefits of my friendship, because I happen to be extremely prepared for such an emergency. Please try not to see anything by this light. It’s not for you.
And I’m sure some fool in the Donner party said the snow would stop any day now. I like to think they ate him first.
But candles? During a blackout? Are you mad? That’s a fire hazard. No, Pasadena Water and Power recommends the far safer glow stick.
Before you go, consider this. Not only do I have a deep-cycle marine battery power source which is more than capable of running our entertainment system, I also have all 61 episodes of the BBC series Red Dwarf and Fiddle-Faddle. All yours if you’re willing to reinstate the roommate agreement.
Oh, he’ll be back. Wine and a girl in the dark, he’s gonna be bored out of his mind.
Excuse me, Leonard.
Social niceties have been suspended, Leonard. We’re in a state of a emergency. The world has descended into darkened turmoil. Lawlessness and savagery are the order of the day.
I’m making s’mores. I wanted to alert you in case you smelled caramelizing marshmallows and thought a nearby candy factory was on fire.
Yes, or good for us if you sign here and reinstate the full roommate agreement.
Really? Huh! Okay. In that case, I will have a s’more by myself. And then I’m gonna have s’more. By myself.
This is a Bunsen burner. I’m a scientist, I know what I’m doing. Oh, drat. (His s’more is on fire. He dunks it in a glass of water.) Aw. It took me a gallon of urine to make that water.
What are you proposing?
And how would I do that?
Every time?
Counter-proposal. We reinstate the full roommate agreement with the following addendum, in the spirit of Mother’s Day or Father’s Day, once a year, we set aside day to celebrate all your contributions to my life, both actual and imagined by you. We could call it Leonard’s Day.
Of course you do. It’s about you, like everything else. (Lights come back on) Oh, thank goodness. I don’t think I had it in me to make another glass of water.
No.
No.
No.
Of course you get a card. It’s Leonard’s Day.
Oh, I don’t know. But whoever that mystery man was, you should be eternally grateful, for without him, there would be no Leonard’s Day.
Oh, no pressure. Just get him a crummy card, you’re good.
