And reverse the spin on the antiproton, and gamma becomes alpha, multiplied by a matrix of negative I comma zero, and there we have it. Conclusive proof that I am absolutely worthless after nine o’clock.
Hmm. (Looks outside office door. Corridor lamp sparks and goes out. Corridor is bathed in an eerie glow) All right, all right. I see what’s going on. A little pre-Halloween hijinkery. A ghostly moan, a rattling of chains, a witch’s cackle. The trifecta of haunted house clichés. Instead of eek, I say yawn.
Oh, the walls are dripping blood, which looks nothing like a phenolphthalein indicator exposed to a sodium carbonate solution. (Reading message on wall) See you in hell Sheldon. The most frightening thing about that is the missing comma. (A luminous skeleton rushes towards him) Ah. Okay, all right. That one was clever. Skeleton with phosphorous on a zip line. Come on out, merry pranksters. Take a bow.
Yes, there’s nothing quite like the slightly widened eyes of mildly startled.
Please, fright depends on an element of surprise. The simple fact is, because I am much smarter than you, and able to anticipate your actions, it is highly unlikely that you two rubes could ever surprise me. (Leonard creeps out behind him wearing a Star Trek Balok mask)
Gentlemen. (Turns and sees Leonard. Screams and faints).
Droll.
Yes, enjoy your japes, gentlemen. You think you’ve poked fun at a milquetoast academic. Well, you’ve forgotten one thing. I am also a son of the Lone Star state. I’m Texas through and through. And we know how to settle scores down there. If you doubt me, ask Mexico.
Be sure to check the mail.
Nothing. It’s not suspicious that I’m fixating. It’s consistent with my personality.
Leonard doesn’t have time to chat, he has to get the mail.
Open the mail!
Oh, dear. (Reaches into box, picks up a snake) Oh, dear. (Puts snake into Raj’s top drawer) Oh, dear, oh, dear. Oh, dear, oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Purell, Purell, Purell, Purell.
It is, isn’t it? Oh, bother. Isn’t that just always the way? You go to staple something, and you’re out of staples. Gosh, I wish I’d known that earlier today when I was at Staples.
well, no, no, I need something more permanent to join these papers. Say, don’t you keep staples in your top desk drawer?
Be a lamb and check.
It’s a snake. A terrifying snake.
Stop talking like that. You’ve been rendered speechless by fear.
I tried to scare an Indian with a snake. Come on, Cooper. You’re better than this.
Hello, Howard. I’ve realized that you scaring me was all in jest. Allow me to say, job well done. (Grabs his own hand. Electrocutes himself.) Perfect.
Science. You wouldn’t understand.
I thought you were leaving the apartment.
Are you concerned because the world is filled with big dogs and bullies?
Well, if it’s of any help, I’ve read all the great moral philosophers, including Dr. Seuss.
All right. So the topic at hand is sexual fidelity. Probably won’t be relying on Seuss here. Although One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish might be surprisingly applicable. Go on.
You know, the German philosopher, Friedrich Nietzsche, believed that morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men.
It’s worth noting that he died of syphilis.
On your way home, will you pick up some orange juice?
Is one of those things your fondness for orange juice?
Great. Tropicana, no pulp.
It’s me, Sheldon, Mrs. Wolowitz.
Really? That’s very unsettling.
Hi.
It just occurred to me that I never formally congratulated you on your pending nuptials. So I hopped on the first bus and hightailed it down here to shake your hand. Put ‘er there, you old so-and-so.
Holy smoke, why didn’t I think of that? You’re a better man than I, Howard Wolowitz. You put ‘er there, you son of a gun!
It was a harmless Halloween prank. Look.
Well, I thought he made that up. Isn’t hypochondria a common idiosyncrasy of Jewish people?
We are?
Oh, no! I can’t!
Okay.
Oh, God! One, two, three!
What? No. You mean this was all a ruse? Oh, how could I be so stu… (puts hand to forehead. Electrocutes himself).
Bazinga, punk. Now we’re even.
