Leonard, do you recall when I said that I was going to revolutionize humanity’s understanding of the Higgs boson particle, and you said, Sheldon, it’s two a.m., get out of my bedroom?
Well, I believe I’ve done it. And I’m only saying believe to sound modest, because, sweet Sam Houston, I did it.
Oh, okay, let me see this. All right, so this particle here is the boson moving forward in time. Now, I was thinking… Howard, you go ahead and eat. This isn’t going to make any sense to you.
Yeah, good for you, and don’t stop working on it.
Please, please, please let me meet Hawking.
But I said I’m sorry.
And you never answered me. So who owes whom an apology now?
Um, to go to Jewish heaven?
Then to avoid Jewish hell?
Howard, please. This is Stephen Hawking. Perhaps my only intellectual equal.
Try to put yourself in my place. Imagine you’re the sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing but dogs. And then it turns out there’s another human being.
Yeah, okay, I can see you’re going to take this the wrong way. Let me try again. Imagine you’re the sole human being living on a planet populated with nothing but chimps.
Oh, now they’re so much smarter than dogs. Have you seen them on those little bicycles?
How about dolphins?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Howard, please, I’m begging you.
Do you understand how important Hawking is to me? When I was six years old, I dressed up as him for Halloween.
No, sir, no, I took my dad’s desk chair, attached a Speak & Spell to it and made my sister push me up and down the block to trick or treat. Granted most people thought I was R2-D2, but still, I got a lot of candy.
It’s actually 01100111.
I’m not asking for me, I’m asking for Hawking.
Okay, look, how about this? Just give him my paper on the Higgs boson. If he sees the incredible breakthrough I’ve made, he’ll reach out to me.
He will, he’s really smart.
How do I do that?
Walking away.
Hey, fellas, I’m thinking about making some freshly brewed iced tea if anyone would like some.
I wasn’t talking to you.
Yes, yes. What did you decide?
Great, thank you. Oh, that’s terrific.
What kinds of things?
Of course.
All right. What would you like me to do first?
Oh. By all means. When I was a boy, I would polish my Mee-Maw’s silver. And she would entertain me with stories about growing up in Oklahoma. Interesting woman. You know, she once killed a prairie dog with a gravy boat.
That’s a lot of belt buckles.
You make sissy on your belt buckles? Mee-Maw’s forks never had that.
Oh, I-I buffed them with Turtle Wax. The man down at Pep Boys says from now on, the urine should just bead up and roll right off.
My Mee-Maw must never know of this. Now will you give Professor Hawking my paper?
And you want me to return it for you?
What are you all staring at? Didn’t you ever see a man try to get a meeting with Stephen Hawking before?
Hello.
This is not my laundry.
Those are Howard’s.
Because if I don’t, he won’t give my paper to Stephen Hawking. He’s a famous physicist.
That’s close enough.
Because he’s punishing me for being a, quote, condescending jerk. You don’t think I’m condescending, do you?
Oh, I’m sorry, condescending means…
Au contraire. When I correct people I am raising them up. You should know, I do it for you more than anyone.
Or Don Quixote is a book about a donkey named Hotay.
Well, I can’t help it. That’s an involuntary twinkle.
I want you to tell me that Howard is being mean to me for no reason.
I knew it.
What is it now, Mrs. Wolowitz?
What do you want me to do?
I’m not sure how to do this.
Sleeping bags don’t usually sweat this much, but okay.
Oh, if we squeeze you any tighter, you may turn into a diamond.
Oh, no, you know, I’m not really the holding kind of… Oh!
I did it. Had to go to three clothing stores, but we finally found a dress that could envelop your mother.
Humorous. Now will you please present my paper to Professor Hawking?
Oh, for heaven’s sake. I did your laundry, I pee-pee-proofed your belt buckles, I, I even sprained my wrist helping your mother lift her bosom.
Okay.
Fine. You have very tiny hands.
You’re obviously good at what you do.
Oh, I understand the confusion. I have never said that you are not good at what you do. It’s just that what you do is not worth doing.
Now will you give my paper to Hawking?
What, why not?
All right, then. Thank you, Howard. Please let Professor Hawking know that I’m available at his earliest convenience.
Professor Hawking, it’s an honour and a privilege to meet you, sir.
I want to thank you for taking time to see me.
I know.
Thank you. It just, it came to me one morning in the shower.
What do you mean wrong?
No, no, th-th-th-that can’t be right. I-I don’t make arithmetic mistakes.
Oh, no, no, no, of course not. It’s just, I was thinking… Oh, gosh, golly, I made a boo-boo, and I gave it to Stephen Hawking.
