I wish you could all be inside my head. The conversation is sparkling. (Pause) Fine, I’ll tell you. A lichen is an organism made up of two separate species, fungi and algae. If you could merge with another species, what species would you pick and why? Hint, there is a right answer. None of you will get it.
Wrong. Leonard?
Wrong, and let’s keep it clean, shall we?
Clever, but also wrong. No, the best organism for human beings to merge with is the lichen itself. That way, you’d be human, fungus, and algae. Triple threat. Like three-bean salad.
All right, picture this, a beautiful outdoor concert. Now, as a human, I appreciate Beethoven. As a fungus, I have a terrific view, growing out of a towering maple tree. And no thank you, expensive concessions. Because as an algae, I’ll just snack on this sunlight.
Well, seems like a bit of a let down after our lichen conversation, but, what do you know, you’re half swan.
You know Germans have an interesting pre-wedding custom.
Boo, wine! But yay, trains. I’m in.
It’s not bad. Unless you compare it to a train; then it stinks.
Indeed. If I’m to participate in the social convention that is the stag night, then I must embrace all its components, including tobacco, swear words, and yes, alcohol. Jeepers! That’s yucky.
I’m confused. I thought since our reconciliation, I was your friend in this group.
Oh. I guess you’re just friends with anybody. (Drinks) Aagh!
And, apparently, Wil Wheaton’s best friend.
Talk to the hand.
Yeah, I do. (All groan). As is the tradition, I have prepared a series of disrespectful jokes which generate humour at Howard’s expense. Prepare to have your ribs tickled. Howard, I always thought you’d be the last one of us to ever get married, because you are so short and unappealing. Am I right? Let’s see here. Oh, seriously though, Howard, you’re actually one of the most intelligent people I know. And that’s a zinger, because you’re not. I’ve always thought that you’d make someone a fine husband someday. Assuming you’d be able to get the parts, and develop the engineering skills to assemble them, which I don’t see as likely. Hacha! Okay, let me see here. Okay, kidding aside, Howard, you are a good friend. And I wish you nothing but happiness. Bazinga, I don’t!
Doubleazinga! I do! Good luck following that.
And the first woman you ever disappointed sexually. Ba-da-bazinga!
Jeepers, I’m drunk.
Here.
You’re upset. The convention is to bring an upset person a hot beverage.
Chicken broth. It seemed culturally appropriate. Also, there was a single cube of chicken bouillon in the cupboard when I moved in and it’s been bothering me for the last eight years. So, as they say, two birds.
I just threw up the bachelor party.
