Well, Mom, if I did, it would be conclusive proof that your God can work miracles.
Frankly, Mom, I’m encouraged to see how advanced your group has become, willing to sail out into the ocean without fear of falling off the edge.
The Lord giveth and the Lord bloweth away. Well, Mom, according to my itinerary for our weekend together, the fun begins with fried chicken.
Good, ’cause I got you everything you need to make it. You are in for a treat. My mother’s fried chicken is why we had to buy my dad the extra large coffin.
Of course she does. Making me food is her way of saying I love you. Making me food when she’s too tired to cook is her way of saying I really love you.
Won’t that spoil our appetites for the chicken you’re going to make me?
There’s a lot of harm in trying something new. That’s why we test out drugs and cosmetics on bunny rabbits.
Told you.
Stop yelling! I’m not happy about this.
The prospect of fried chicken.
Well, there’s actually big news on the Amy front. She’s been studying the neurobiology of addiction in lower animals. She is this close to getting a starfish hooked on cocaine.
And that reminds me of another saying. You can lead a chicken to Crisco, but you can’tmake your mother fry it.
I don’t know. Lately we’ve been talking about converting it into a missile silo.
Get them before they get us.
Mom, you remember Rajesh? Rajesh, my mother.
Oh, yes, born alone, die alone. It’s a tragic human condition. Now, Raj, if you’ll excuse my mother, she’s about to make a pecan pie that’ll be so good I’ll almost forget how she blew it with the fried chicken.
Offer them a hot beverage.
Coffee.
I’m not going to get my pecan pie, am I?
Double Stuf?
Nice. Kick a man when he’s down.
I’m glad we’re finally getting to do something together, just the two of us.
Careful, you’re using too much Downey. You know if my clothes get too soft it makes me sleepy.
It is nice, isn’t it?
It was in my weekly e-mail blast. Right between beet season is finally here, and uh-oh, red stool from beets leads to cancer scare.
Yes, Penny has a lot of her money tied up in promiscuity futures.
Now that will not be in this week’s e-mail blast.
I’ve got a treat for us tomorrow, Mom. I’m taking you to see Saul Perlmutter give a lecture about his Nobel Prize-winning work in cosmology. And the best part is, at the Q and A afterward, I’ve worked up a couple of Q’s that will stump his sorry A.
What sight is better than your little boy embarrassing a Nobel laureate?
What do I say? I say you people need to stop ruining my mom’s visit with your sushi, and your sadness and your slutty shirts. Stop it.
Mom, I want to apologize for my behaviour last night.
Great. Now, you’re going to love the Perlmutter lecture. Look, he will be stating that the universe is older than 6,000 years, but I thought you could stick your fingers in your ears and hum Amazing Grace during those parts.
But I apologized. And that was hard for me because I didn’t do anything wrong.
I’m not going, and you can’t make me.
Well, I’m going to stand here until you change your mind.
I can’t believe my own mother is abandoning me.
We appear to be at a crossroads in our relationship, Mother.
All right, Mom. When you’re at the Ripley’s Believe It Or Not Museum, if they have an exhibit about a mother who threw away a chance to spend the day with the world’s most wonderful son, believe it, because it’s true. (Grabs pancakes and snatches syrup from Leonard’s hand)
That lecture was a waste of time. I made more accurate diagrams of the expansion of the early universe on the nursery wall with the contents of my diaper. (Sneezes)
No, I’m just allergic to people who get Nobel Prizes for no good reason.
No. Or to use the clinical term, nuh-uh.
Oh, there it is. It always comes back to monkeys with you. Just monkeys, monkeys, monkeys.
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are no different than those of a stupid person?
Oh, yes, the common cold. Just like everyone else. You’d love that, wouldn’t you?
Look at the two of us. Me, a highly regarded physicist. The kind of mind that comes along once, maybe twice in a generation. You, the common man, tired from your labours as a stockbroker, or vacuum cleaner salesman, or bootblack. But deep down inside, apparently we’re just two peas in a pod. A regular pea, and the kind of pea that comes along once, maybe twice in a generation. Rain. Another great equalizer. Falling on the head of the brilliant and the unremarkable alike. (The stranger puts up an umbrella) Smarty-pants.
I need a tissue.This one got wet.
Thank you. Yeah, I’ve learned something today. You and I, in so many ways, other than intelligence and what counts, we’re the same. (Sneezes)
I hope so, because if this is well, life isn’t worth living.
Okay.
And just to be clear, only her baby and not these other people.
Can I have tea with honey and toast with the crust cut off?
Thanks, Mom.You’re the best.
I know, it filled in last year. I didn’t get to spend a lot of time with you on this visit.
Yours.
No, we don’t. The one we have works great.
Or maybe I’m part of a new species, that lives for hundreds of years, which means I’m still basically a toddler.
Does this mean you’re not going to sing Soft Kitty?
Get out!
Well, I know, but he means well. Sing.
What are you trying to pull, Mom? From the top.
