Gentlemen, I think I’ve come up with a fun way to get young people interested in science. Physics Mad-Libs. Now, give me a number.
Uh-huh. And an irrational constant.
And a funny Greek letter.
I said funny.
Good one. And an electrical charge.
Ha. Perfect. Okay. Get this. Professor Jones told the symposium he had a new method for calculating the mass of a muon. Five times the limit of E to the upsilon as in a (laughs uncontrollably). Okay. No, no. I’ll start over. Professor (laughs again)
Oh, Oh, Lord, that multiplication error! He thought he carried the one. But he didn’t.
Stop! I’m going to wet myself!
Oh, President Siebert, I assume you’d like to respond to one of the suggestions I put in the box by your office.
You don’t like written suggestions. You don’t like when I give them to you while we’re urinating in the men’s room. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that you’re one of those stubborn people who are not open to suggestions.
I don’t need a vacation.
But if I don’t come into work, what am I supposed to do with myself?
Sarcasm?
Good Lord! Would you stop that caterwauling!
Bleeding from my ears.
I’m sneaking into work. Now, if the guard at the university asks what’s under the blanket, you tell him it’s some lobster traps.
Yes. That’s how Velma and Scooby smuggled Shaggy into the old lighthouse.
Will they, Leonard? (Puts on cap and long-hair wig)
And no more singing.
I have GPS on my phone. I know you turned around.
Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed. Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii.
My family took a trip to Florida when I was a child. A seagull stole a hot dog from me on the beach. I got the message.
It’s like I’m living in a dictatorship. You must take a vacation, you must have fun, you must enjoy life.
One time they tried to make Richard Feynman take a vacation, but he chose instead to expand his mind and learn something new. He went to work in his friend’s biology lab. Richard Feynman was a famous American physicist, part of the Manhattan Project.
Now you do, too. Oh! I have a brilliant idea. Amy’s a biologist. I’ll go work in her lab.
Ten seconds ago, you never heard of him. Now you’re an expert.
Boy, oh, boy. This vacation is off to a wonderful start. The smell of formaldehyde, the whir of the centrifuge, the distant chatter of lab animals being dispatched for dissection. Mm, I can already feel my cares just melting away.
Way to kill the mood.
Okay, what do we start with? Maybe splicing some genes, clone a sheep, perhaps grow a human ear on a mouse’s back? Ha-ha, I’m a freak!
Wash those bea… Oh, I get it, a little hazing for the new fella. Yeah, I’d better keep and eye out for, what, shoe polish on the microscope, or mad cow disease in my grilled cheese sandwich?
What? Excuse me, you have Dr. Sheldon Cooper in your lab. You’re gonna make him do the dishes? That’s like asking the Incredible Hulk to open a pickle jar.
I have plenty of experience in biology. I bought a Tamagotchi in 1998. And it’s still alive. Let’s do this.
Here you go. This is now the only lab with glassware washed by a man with two doctorates and a restraining order signed by Carl Sagan.
Y-you’re being ridiculous. Those are perfectly clean.
Biologists are mean.
There was something wrong with that detergent. That was way too bubbly.
I intend to write that soap company a strongly worded letter.
You know what this place needs? A suggestion box.
366… 367…
How’s counting going? When I was in kindergarten, I recited pi to a thousand places for the school talent show. I think I got this.
Aw, nuts! One…
This is preposterous. I think you’re giving me these tasks because you’re afraid if you give me anything meaningful to do, I’ll show you up.
Yes, that’s what I think. And I’m super smart, so it’s probably true.
I’m sorry. It takes me a while to get things going on an unfamiliar toilet.
Maybe that’s because I’m not being challenged. It’s the same reason Einstein failed math.
You think you’re doing science by cutting up that brain? They could do the same thing at any Quiznos. And they’d offer to toast it for me, too.
All right. I’m no stranger to a little gray matter. Locus coeruleus. Locus coeruleus.
It’s not. I’ll have you know, in the field of physics, we work with particles so small, they make fat jokes about the locus coeruleus, i.e., when your locus coeruleus sits around the house, it sits around the house.
No. What you see is a man trembling with confidence. Does a locus coeruleus normally bleed that much?
Oh, dear. (Faints)
I’m on vacation. Social convention dictates that I let my hair down at a local watering hole. Social convention is stupid.
You know, I have ten fingers and ten toes. If I tell you a story about each one of them, we’ll be here all day, let’s just move on.
Ah, seeing as I’m on vacation, a pina colada seems appropriate. Extra pineapple slices, extra whipped cream, extra cherries, extra umbrellas, and, uh, hold the rum. Don’t let me have too many of those.
Oh, better than good.
Excuse me, this is a fairly substantial wound. (Removes plaster. Faints again)
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
I was kind of hoping I could continue vacationing in your laboratory. After all, I did book the whole week.
I was not myself. I had lost a lot of thumb blood.
That is your opinion.
I’m sorry that you weren’t able to…
That my genius…
That the soap was…
Fine. Sorry.
Next year I’m going to Epcot.
