You ever wonder how humans would be different if they evolved from lizards instead of mammals?
As you know, lizards, cold-blooded animals, lack the ability to sense temperature. But they do move more sluggishly when it’s cold. So, lizard weathermen would say things like, bring a sweater, it’s slow outside. I love my mind.
Oh, I would assume we’d enjoy insects or smaller lizards. We could also pull each other’s tails off and grill them, they’ll just grow back. Oh! My life-size cardboard Mr. Spock is here! I know he wouldn’t care for an outburst of human emotion, but, oh goodie, oh goodie, oh goodie. Commander Spock requesting permission to be unfolded.
Permission granted, Commander.
Oh, no! They sent the wrong Spock! Live long and suck it, Zachary Quinto.
Mm. I want to build a road, but I need wood. Do either of you fellows have wood? (Raj and Howard snigger) I don’t understand the laughter. The object of Settlers of Catan is to build roads and settlements. To do so requires wood. Now, I have sheep; I need wood. Who has wood for my sheep?
You want to know my opinion?
Sarcasm?
All right, then. The reason you’re fixated on a good-natured simpleton like Penny is that she’s the exact opposite of your first romantic attachment, your brilliant yet intimidating mother.
It’s in her book, Needy Baby, Greedy Baby.
It’s called non-fiction for a reason, Leonard.
Now, where were we? Oh, yes. Does anyone have any wood? Oh, come on! I just want wood. Why are you making it so hard?
And now that I have some wood, I’m going to begin the erection of my settlement.
We don’t know that. Not to a certainty. All we know is that Leonard is home.
Again, not enough evidence. For all we know, he’s being murdered. Now, back to our game.
Oh, of course. It’s right here in my hand.
Leonard?
Uh, can’t complain. Thanks for asking. Well, what were you doing out at three o’clock in the morning?
I was using the bathroom.
Really? I didn’t see you in there.
Where?
In your pyjamas?
Without shoes?
On a cold winter’s night?
Seems unlikely. Did you bring your asthma inhaler?
Well, then, I guess it’s plausible. Hang on a second, mister.
After you used the facilities at the gas station, did you make a purchase?
It’s customary, when using the rest room at a retail establishment, to make a small purchase. Did you?
Here’s two dollars. Go buy some beef jerky.
It’s not about you. It’s about a poor immigrant from Pakistan trying to make his way in America by working the graveyard shift at the Colorado Boulevard Chevron.
Needy Baby, Greedy Baby indeed.
Leonard will be here in a moment. He’s looking for a different parking space.
We were next to a car with an ask me about my grandchildren bumper sticker, and I was afraid if we ran into them on the way out, I’d be obligated to do so.
You have a keen insight into the human heart, Amy Farrah Fowler.
Well, I doubt they’d want to talk about that, so we’re fine.
People, people, please, before you say something you both regret, I’d like to place my order.
I’ve got to go with Leonard on this. He is wrong more than anyone I know.
Leonard, promise me that when our new waitress comes over, you will not start a complicated on-again, off-again relationship with her, because I am very, very hungry.
Leonard, are you listening to me? (Leonard is in the hallway with Sheldon. It is the opening scene, and Sheldon has just found his cardboard Spock.)
This is a disaster. I distinctly ordered the Leonard Nimoy Mr. Spock cardboard standee. Why would I feel safer with Zachary Quinto at the foot of my bed?
You’re right, I’ll give him a shot.
No, can’t do it. Sorry, Quinto, you’re going back.
