Well? What do you think of New Comic Book Night? Magic, huh?
Well, A, comic books employ storytelling through sequential art, a medium that dates back 17,000 years to the cave paintings of Lascaux, and B, you play the harp. Like that’s cool.
I know what this is about. Given the professional standstill you’re at, you’re wondering if this is the appropriate time to abandon your research and focus on teaching. Yes. And if I may suggest, consider changing disciplines. Yeah, to the humanities, perhaps history. One of the advantages of teaching history is that you don’t have to create things, you know, you just have to remember stuff that happened and then parrot it back. You could have fun with that.
Oh, of course he is. She’s very interesting. Did you know, when she was 14, she severed the webbing between her own toes?
I’m not sure how to respond, Leonard. I don’t own Amy. Can’t own a person. At least not since? 1863. President Lincoln freed the? Slaves! Come on Leonard, if you’re going to teach history, these are the kind of facts you’ll have to know.
The question is moot. There is no way that Stuart, an impoverished peddler of picture books, would be at all appealing to Amy Farrah Fowler, a noted neurobiologist capable of performing surgery on her own feet with nothing but nitrous oxide from cans of whipped cream as anesthesia.
Fine. The record shall so reflect. Now, getting back to the problem at hand, what to do with a washed-up experimental physicist.
Oh, Leonard. Lots of people love you and want to help you, but they can’t until you admit the problem.
Where’s Stuart?
Who are you?
Oh, I guess I was wrong.
Am I okay? Leonard, I’m on a lifelong trajectory that includes a Nobel Prize and cities named after me, all four wisdom teeth fit comfortably in my mouth without need of extraction, and my bowel movements run like a German train schedule. Am I okay?
Flaming Spittoon. And for the record, I’m very disappointed in you cowpokes. We’re playing our inaugural round of Wild West and Witches, and I’m the only one who bothered to dress for the occasion. (Spits into a spittoon) Patooie.
And I suppose my boots and spurs are ridiculous, too?
Did it look ridiculous when we got the Satanimals pack and I dressed up as a Beelzebobcat?
All right, fine. Let’s just play.
Cluck, cluck, cluck. What are we, ladies at a quilting bee? Or are we men playing a fantasy card game set in a magical frontier town?
And may I point out it is the three of you who are obsessed with Stuart and Amy, not me. I think you need to ask yourselves who’s really being ridiculous here. (Walks away with spurs jangling)
I’m in the matrix, Leonard, I see everything.
Don’t be silly. I’m a fan of anything that tries to replace actual human contact.
Really? You think I care if a man, what, shared a pumpkin latte with a dynamite lady?
You are free to believe whatever you like. And unfriend Rajesh Koothrappali.
And unfriend Leonard Hofstadter.
And unfriend Howard Wolowitz.
Why?
Penny. (Knock, knock, knock)
Penny. (Knock, knock, knock)
Penny.
Thank you.
I came to ask if you would like to go on a date with me.
A date. You and me. Dining, dancing, perhaps you’d like to take in a prizefight.
No. Why is everyone so obsessed with Amy and Stuart? And whether or not they may be having more pumpkin lattes or intercourse tonight.
I am not trying to get her back. But, out of curiosity, what is a way?
I believe I do.
I’m the guy.
Are you sure? That would explain so much. Your constant presence in my apartment, that baffling dalliance with Leonard just to be near me, the way you call me sweetie all the time.
You tramp.
Strap on a pair? Of what, skates?
Excuse me. Excuse me. Pardon me. Pardon me. Excuse me. Hi, Stuart.
Pardon me. Excuse me.
The thought of you sitting in a darkened theatre with a character like Stuart is repellent. No offence, Stuart.
Stuart, please. You’re being rude.
I believe I would like to alter the paradigm of our relationship.
With the understanding that nothing changes whatsoever, physical or otherwise, I would not object to us no longer characterizing you as not my girlfriend.
You’re being impossible.
Fine. Amy, will you be my girlfriend?
Well, that’s enough of that. Sorry to interrupt. You two enjoy your date. Here’s a dollar for your troubles. Get yourself some Sour Patch Kids.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Let’s wrap things up out there.
Take the hint, Stuart. The lady said good night.
Wow. Is that the kind of nagging I can expect now that you’re my girlfriend? Good thing I drew this up.
I present to you the relationship agreement. A binding covenant that, in its 31 pages, enumerates, iterates and codifies the rights and responsibilities of Sheldon Lee Cooper, here and after known as the boyfriend, and Amy Farrah Fowler, here and after known as the girlfriend.
Mutual indemnification always is. Why don’t you start perusing while I set up my notary stamp.
Feel free to retain a lawyer.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette.
I got a splinter.
Relationship agreement Section 4, Boo-boos and Ouchies. You have to take care of it.
