Okay. I like it a little better when you stay, but all right.
Hello. I’m here for my haircut with Mr. D’Onofrio.
Oh, dear, Mr. D’Onofrio’s in the hospital. Why do these things always happen to me?
You’re not Mr. D’Onofrio. I get my hair cut by Mr. D’Onofrio. You believe this guy?
He’s not a barber, he’s the nephew. He’s an example of the kind of nepotism that runs rampant in the barbering industry. Besides, Mr. D’Onofrio knows exactly how I like my hair done because he has all my haircut records from my barber in Texas.
When I first moved here I was nervous about finding a new barber, so my mother had all my haircut records sent here to Mr. D’Onofrio.
Yes, there are.
No, but my mother assured me they were sent here, and I’ll bet you dollars to doughnuts that this one doesn’t have them. Uh, excuse me. Do you have access to my haircut records?
To paraphrase T.S. Eliot, this is the way the world ends, not with a bang but with a nephew.
Fine, but if I come out of this looking like a dork, it’s on you. (Sits)
Nope. (Runs out)
Can you pass the Parmesan cheese?
I’m trying to get the hair out of my eyes.
Thank you for captioning my nightmare.
I can’t help it, I feel like a teen heartthrob.
Penny, I know you mean well, offering the skills of the hill folk, but, um, here in town we don’t churn our own butter, we don’t, uh, make dresses out of gunny sacks, and, uh, we sure as shootin’ don’t get our hair cut by bottle-blonde…
I’m sorry, it’s the bad boy attitude that comes with this hair.
I’m sorry. I’m looking for a barber and I’m running out of time. My hair is growing at the rate of 4.6 yoctometers per femtosecond. I mean, if you’re quiet, you can hear it.
I tried once. They do men’s and women’s hair in the same room at the same time. It’s like Sodom and Gomorrah with mousse.
Why don’t I let my hair grow out? Um, why don’t I start wearing Birkenstocks and, uh, uh, seeking validation of my opinions by asking can you dig it?
Mr. D’Onofrio? It’s Sheldon. They didn’t have anything barber-themed in the gift shop, so I got you this. I don’t know if you can read his little T-shirt. It says, um, get well bear-y soon. Trust me, if you were even a little conscious right now, you’d be laughing. Anyway, there’s new studies that show, people in comas are aware of everything going on around them. With that in mind, if you can hear me, move away from the light and toward the sound of these scissors.
Yes. Do you have something I could use as a cape?
Oh, no, no, I’m just here to get my hair cut.
I got to run. But not with scissors, that would be unsafe.
Hello.
Eh, why? My spot, your spot, what difference does it make?
No, I’m not all right. It’s been six days since I was supposed to get a haircut and nothing horrible has happened.
Leonard, explain it to her.
I have spent my whole life trying to bring order to the universe by carefully planning every moment of every day. But all my efforts, our dinner schedule, my pyjama rotation, my bowel movement spreadsheet, it’s clear now, I’ve been wasting my time.
Oh, please, everyone knows what’s going to happen. But I see your point.
You’re right. I should embrace the chaos.
I don’t know. I could do anything. All bets are off. The world is my oyster. I got it. I’m going to put on my Tuesday pyjamas tonight.
Hello, Leonard, do you like my bongos? Bet you didn’t know that I had bongos.
Three in the morning is a good time for bongos.
Leonard sleeps while I play bongos.
Leonard no sleep while I play bongos. Bongo solo.
Richard Feynman played the bongos. I thought I’d give that a try.
Penny meant if he were a purple leprechaun. Penny forgot to use the subjunctive.
Maybe, maybe not. Maybe tomorrow I start a bongo band and tour the world.
Roommate agreement? Are you kidding? We are living in a world of chaos. Roommate agreement.
Wherever the music takes me, kitten. I play bongos walking down the stairs. (Sound of falling) Oh! Oh! Never play bongos walking down the stairs.
What’s going on?
Penny, you’re not trained. You’re not licensed. Most importantly, you don’t have access to my haircut records.
Amy, what do you think?
Fine, let’s go. Thank you for letting me sleep on your couch.
Oh, relax. It was just her bottom and her breasts.
At the end of the haircut, Mr. D’Onofrio would tell me a dirty joke.
That’s okay, I never understood them anyway.
Hmm, well, it’s a little Hollywood. But I think I can pull it off. Well done, Penny.
Fun time. Hah. Sorry, sometimes the clippers tickle me.
