I believe that you’re capable of great change. Like when I finally got you to stop saying Valentimes Day.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an honorary Harlem Globetrotter.
You asked Penny if she wanted to hear something weird.
Oh. I thought it was a game.
Okay, Penny, if it were a game, here are your choices. An e-mail from an old acquaintance, or the head of one of the largest religious institutions in the world slam dunking to Sweet Georgia Brown. Pick.
And that’s how it’s done.
Is this the fellow who peed in your Hawaiian Punch?
Was he the one who wedgied you so hard, your testicle reascended, and you spent your whole Christmas break waiting for it to come back down?
Was he the one who used your head to open a nut?
Oh, oh, oh. Was he the one who made you eat your arm hair?
You know, the holidays are just around the corner. Maybe he wants to see if he can lodge the other testicle up there.
Nobel Prize acceptance ceremony streaming live from Stockholm.
Look at these men. They’ve managed to win the top science prize in the world with no more understanding of the quantum underpinnings of the expansion of the early universe than God gave a goose. You should pay attention, Leonard. Someday this could be you up there.
So, what’s got you up? Did you have a bad clam?
I don’t watch you 24 hours a day. I don’t know what you do.
Wear loafers. Look at Dr. Saul Perlmutter up there, clutching that Nobel Prize. What’s the matter, Saul? You afraid someone’s going to steal it? Like you stole Einstein’s cosmological constant?
Oh, now Perlmutter’s shaking the King’s hand. Yeah, check for your watch, Gustaf. He might have lifted it.
And there’s the first zinger. Ouch.
Congratulations? The Newcomb medal? Oh, please. That’s the scientific equivalent of a smiley face sticker on your homework.
Oh, good Lord, are we going to stand here and listen to him tear Leonard apart like this?
My point.
Technically, Howard’s the gear head. Leonard’s just a dime store laser jockey.
The smartest? All right, you know, I may not have a firm grasp on sarcasm, but even I know that was a doozy. Leonard, you can’t live in fear of this man forever.
You clearly don’t. What my spineless friend lacks the courage to say is you’re a terrible person who took advantage of his tiny size, his uncoordinated nature and his congenital lack of masculinity.
Leonard, I platonically love you, man, but face it, you’re a mess.
A little bit? The man Super Glued Hershey’s Kisses to your nipples.
This is a list of your heinous acts against Leonard. One of which is certainly the cause of him wetting his bed well into his teens.
You really need to work on your penmanship.
You’re being too kind, Leonard. You ruined him.
I help the weak. It’s yet another way I’m exactly like Batman.
Oh, half and half instead of whole milk?
Heated to precisely 183 degrees?
Seven little marshmallows, no more no less?
One for good luck. Must be the kind of math they do at Princeton.
Yes.
Then take away his keys and make him wander the streets with the other drunks.
You’d think a winner could make a decent cup of cocoa.
You know what would be nice?
As a symbolic gesture to all the bullies who’ve tormented us for years, we open our home to Jimmy and once he’s asleep we kill him. I said it would be nice, I didn’t say we should do it.
Leonard.
In case it comes up again, this right here is an imposition.
You’re soft. This world’s going to chew you up and spit you out.
Oh, there it is, tacos.
I’m not going to say I told you so, but we could have killed him.
The Dark Knight has your back. He’s scared, but he has your back.
Well said, Boy Wonder.
Don’t answer that. It’s a trick question. I speak from experience.
You did it, Leonard, you stood up to your bully.
I don’t need to outrun him, I just need to outrun you.
