The humorous implication being that I am Wile E. Coyote?
And this is a schematic for a bird-trapping device that will ultimately backfire and cause me physical injury?
What I’m doing here is trying to determine when I’m going to die.
My family history factoring in longevity, propensity for disease, et cetera.
Killed by badger.
It was Thanksgiving. Uncle Carl said, I think there’s a badger living in our chimney. Hand me that flashlight. Those were the last words he ever spoke to us.
Not true. The fight or flight instinct is coded genetically. Instead of fleeing, he chose to fight barehanded against a brawny member of the weasel family. Who’s to say that I don’t share that flawed DNA?
But seriously, even if I disregard the Uncle Carl factor, at best I have 60 years left.
60 only takes me to here. I need to get to here.
The earliest estimate of the singularity, when man will be able to transfer his consciousness into machines and achieve immortality.
By this much.
You don’t get it, Leonard. I’m going to miss so much, the unified field theory,  cold fusion, the dogapus.
A hybrid dog and octopus. Man’s underwater best friend.
I was going to. I planned on giving it to myself on my 300th birthday.
A dogapus can play fetch with eight balls. No one can hate that.
No, thank you. I’m not eating pizza tonight.
Not for me. Thursday is now Cruciferous Vegetable Night. Tonight’s selection, brussels sprouts.
It’s a small price to pay.
In order to live long enough to fuse my consciousness with cybernetics, I need to change my diet.
Correct.
Essentially, yes.
Flattering, but sadly, no. I’m also planning to begin an exercise regimen designed to strengthen my cardiovascular system. AKA jogging.
Certainly. I’ve run from bullies, dogs, angry chickens, and one particularly persistent P.E. teacher determined to bend me over and give me a scoliosis test.
That’s an excellent idea. Yeah, if we chat, it will create the illusion of time going faster.
(Knock, knock, knock) Ugh. (Knock, knock, knock) U-u-ugh. (Knock, knock, knock) Lenu-u-ugh.
I have pain radiating from my navel to my lower right abdomen. I’m nauseated and feverish. I believe I may have cholera.
Well, if it’s not cholera, then based on a quick Internet search, the other explanations in decreasing order of likelihood are Hirschsprung’s Disease, botulism, a 30-foot tapeworm or accidental ingestion of chrysanthemum blossoms.
It’s part of an unlikely scenario that involves sleepwalking and a 24-hour flower mart with a less-than-vigilant proprietor. Oh, Lord, my belly!
I haven’t. I’ve been meaning to, but who has the time?
So this is how it ends, with cruel irony. Just as I make the commitment to preserving my body, I am betrayed by my appendix, a vestigial organ. Do you know the original purpose of the appendix, Leonard?
I do. And yet I’m doomed while you live on.
Oh, Lord, I think it’s about to burst! (Loud sound of farting) On the other hand, it might have been the Brussels sprouts.
Good night. Appendicitis. What a nervous Nelly.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Thank you. They’re my mother’s.
No, the Flash shirt is because it’s Friday, but it’s nice when things work out. Where’s your heart rate monitor?
What about your pedometer?
Do you have telematics in your shoes connected to an iPod?
What do you do, you just go out there and gambol about like a bunny?
Why are you doing that?
All right.
I am doing it.
We’ll never know.
Okay.
Yeah, I’ve been reading up on biomechanics. I think you’ll be surprised at my… Wah! Oh!
I think so.
Thank you. (Loud sound of farting)
If it makes you feel any better, Thursday is no longer Cruciferous Vegetable Night.
Coming! (From the bedroom area, a wheeled device consisting of a base, a tee-shirt on a coat hanger, and a computer monitor with Sheldon’s face, appears). Greetings, friends.
I am a mobile virtual presence device. Recent events have demonstrated to me that my body is too fragile to endure the vicissitudes of the world. Until such time as I am able to transfer my consciousness, I shall remain in a secure location and interact with the world in this manner.
You’re in my spot. This may seem a little odd at first, but over time you’ll grow accustomed to dealing with me in this configuration.
Thank you. That’s what I was going for. Now, Leonard, tomorrow, when we go to work, you’ll need to allow some extra time to get me down the stairs. For your convenience, I disassemble into four pieces.
You don’t know where I am. My physical body is safely ensconced in a secure, undisclosed location.
No, I’m not.
No, you can’t. Wait. Come back. Halt. Authorized personnel only!
I’m behind you. Please look at me when you’re talking to me.
No, you’re not. Pay no attention to that man in the bed.
At my age, do you know how I’m statistically most likely to die?
An accident.
Until I can transfer my intellect to a more durable container, my body will remain safely ensconced in my bed.
You have to help, it’s in the roommate agreement.
Section 74.C. The various obligations and duties of the parties in the event one of them becomes a robot.
This is delightful.
It’s much easier to enjoy the picturesque route we travel to work when you remove the spectre of fiery vehicular death.
Because I called shotgun. Remember?
You seem tense. Perhaps this will relax you.
Very well. I don’t understand why you’re not enjoying this. Together, in this car, with my enhanced capabilities, we’re like Knight Rider.
You mock the sphincter, but the sphincter is a class of muscle without which human beings couldn’t survive. There are over 50 different sphincters in the human body. How many can you name?
Perhaps you’d be interested in a different game.
This is a photograph of the 1911 Solvay Conference on the theory of radiation and quanta. Using Photoshop, I’ve introduced a few anachronisms. See if you can spot all 24. I’ll give you the first one. Madame Curie should not be wearing a digital watch. And go.
Bazinga.
I have an override switch.
And I’m safe and sound in bed. Who’s crazy now?
Hello, Professor Hoskins. Nice to see you, Mindy. Konichi-wa Dr. Nakamora. Sorry the Swedes disproved your theory. Leonard, my door.
Be a lamb and open it for me.
You think you have me stymied, don’t you?
Raj, be a lamb and open the door for me.
He’s a lamb. You’re not.
Isn’t this nice? The pleasures of fellowship and camaraderie without having to tolerate your germy breath on my skin.
Can you tell me the specials this evening?
Obviously. I don’t even have water yet.
That’s discrimination against the otherwise located. I’m going to have to go over your head. Manager, manager. Oh, Lord, look who it is.
The Great and Powerful Woz.
I must speak to him.
Excuse me, Mr. Wozniak?
Thank you. I just want to say I’m a big fan. You’re my fifteenth favourite technological visionary.
It’s still six spots above Steve Jobs. I care neither for turtlenecks nor showmanship.
One of my proudest possessions is a vintage 1977 Apple Two. Despite the file system limitations of Apple DOS 3.3, it was a pretty nifty little achievement.
Don’t move for 15 to 30 minutes, depending on how the buses are running.
I’m coming, Woz, I’m coming. (Trips on stairs.) Ow! Aw.
(Bash) Penny. (Bash) Penny. (Bash) Penny.
I can’t get out of bed. I hurt my ankle.
Sing me Soft Kitty.
Would you rather come over and sing it to me in person?
Closer to the microphone.
No. You have to start over.
