Well-groomed vampires meet in pairs and shave each other. Case closed.
Perhaps he’s emulating Shakespeare’s Henry V, who dressed as a commoner and mingled among them, to find out how he was being perceived by his subjects. Course, if he’d have read any of the thirteen hundred e-mails I’ve sent him on the subject of his administration, he could have saved himself the trouble.
That depends, how much longer do you plan on fondling my shoulder?
It’s not a touch phobia, it’s a germ phobia. If you’d like to go put on a pair of latex gloves,
Hold on. Just because the nice man is offering you candy, doesn’t mean you should jump into his windowless van. What’s the occasion?
Aha! The tear-stained air mattress in the back of the van.
I don’t care, it’s demeaning. And I refuse to be trotted out and shown off like a prize hog at the Texas State Fair. Which, by the way, is something you don’t want to attend wearing a Star Trek ensign’s uniform.
Ugh!
Sheldon is not going.
Tell him Dr. Cooper feels that the best use of his time is to employ his rare and precious mental faculties to tear the mask off nature and stare at the face of God.
Don’t tell him that, tell him the mask thing.
And so, instead of bowing to pressure, and going to that pointless soiree, I stayed right here and did a load of whites.
Unlikely. But make your case. Keeping in mind that your critical attitude is ruining our Saturday night together, and I’m not above minimizing your window.
That’s it. Prepare to be minimized.
Your lab is funded by some Middle-Eastern dilettante?
Well, that explains those puzzling camel race photos on your Facebook page.
Are you trying to scare me? ‘Cause you’re succeeding.
Oh, dear,not, not the dirt people!
No!
Oh, the humanities!
No, no, no, I’m just here for your money. I don’t want to shake anyone’s germy hands. Explain it to them, Siebert.
I must confess I don’t understand you, President Siebert. First you say you want me to appear at your fund-raisers, but now you say you never want me to go anywhere near your fund-raisers. Forgive me, but that sounds like a mixed message. Here we go again. If there’s simply no talking to me, why did you call? I’m sorry, someone’s on the other line. Why don’t you see if you can organize your thoughts, and we’ll try again later. Cooper-Hofstadter residence. Go for Cooper.
An entire dinner to talk about your research? Where you going, the drive-thru at Jack in the Box?
Okay, I see what’s happening.
My stature intimidates her, so she’s using you to get to me. Crafty old gal.
No, that can’t be it. And since you seem to have forgotten, the reason we live together is we’re best friends. And I got your back, Jack.
I’m sorry, so, eventually, zombies are going to attack the rehab facility where Sandra Bullock is?
You know, it’s a shame, all that work she’s doing to get sober, only to be torn apart and eaten alive.
No. But we have potatoes, I could make you vodka. It’ll take two weeks.
Oh, wow!
Why?
Excellent! What are you planning to wear?
Penny, you’re an expert on trading sexual favours for material gain, walk him through this.
But we need a cryogenic centrifugal pump.
Well, come now, Leonard, this may be your only chance to make a real contribution to science!
It was a compliment. I believe in giving credit where credit is due.
Okay, fine. I’ll tell him. Leonard, Mrs. Latham’s car is here for you.
Hold on, I have something for you.
Just a few things you may need tonight. There’s, uh, baby oil, condoms and, uh, a little something I procured from the school of pharmacology. They say it is to Viagra as Viagra is to a green M&M.
Maybe this will overcome your reluctance. I went on the Internet and found a photograph of a 25-year-old Mrs. Latham to get your libido humming. Check out those saddle shoes. Rar!
Oh, come on! Why not?
Given how much time you spend engaging in pointless self-abuse, you might consider, just this once, using your genitalia to actually accomplish something!
No. But thank you for asking.
What’s going on?
Are you just getting home?
That’s a good sign, right?
I’m so proud of you! You sold yourself out like a common streetwalker!
She stiffed you?
What?
Smart. Get paid up front. Yeah, I think you have a real knack for gigolo work, Leonard.
That’s a good idea, get your rest. There are a lot more rich old ladies out there, and Daddy needs a new linear accelerator. And I thought he didn’t learn anything from his relationship with you.
Another compliment! Learn to recognize them.
