Hysterical.
Agreed. Wait till you hear how he dumbs down Werner Heisenberg for the crowd. You may actually believe you’re in a comedy club.
Ba-dum-bump.
Really, Amy? Gossip? I’m disappointed in you.
Forgive my language, but poppycock.
Fine. In the parlance of the urban music scene, what’s the 4-1-1?
I believe our nation’s tuna cans are safe. Excuse me. Dr. Greene, question?
You’ve dedicated your life’s work to educating the general populace about complex scientific ideas.
Have you ever considered trying to do something useful? Perhaps, reading to the elderly?
Yeah, but not your books. Something they might enjoy. I kid, of course. Big fan.
Thank you. My father taught me archery as a child. It’s odd how the activity brings back the smell of Kmart bourbon.
I know. What an elf I would have made. Whoo, what do you think you’re doing?
With what?
Really? I didn’t see you draw one from your quiver.
Leonard, the people at Nintendo can only go so far in helping us recreate an actual athletic experience. We have to do our part, too. (Leonard mimes drawing an arrow and stabbing Sheldon with it.) That was uncalled for, but I’ll play along. Ow! I had an unusual experience with Amy last night.
She was attempting to engage me in gossip.
Yes. I think prolonged exposure to Penny has turned her into a bit of a Gabby Gertie.
Oh, please, I was just pointing it out. I have no desire to engage in the activity.
All right, get this. Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard.
Mm, it’s hard to say. I can only speculate based on the data I collected watching my parents’ marriage implode. In that case, the woman dives into religion, while the man dives into a bottle-blonde bartender who tries to buy my love with action figures. Oop! Out of arrows.
I’ve been thinking about Dr. Greene’s efforts to make science palatable for the masses.
That’s all. I’ve just been thinking about it. Now, I’m thinking about fractal equations. Now I’m thinking about the origin of the phrase train of thought. Now I’m thinking about trains.
Now I’m thinking about Jell-O.
Why are you smiling?
Oh, I’m back to trains. Woo-woo.
No.
Have you learned anything?
If you don’t mind, I’d like to stop listening to you and start talking.
Howard has announced his intention to propose marriage to Bernadette.
I know. The group consensus is that his proposal will be met with an humiliating, soul-crushing rejection. Everyone was set a-twitter. Although oddly, no one tweeted.
I’m familiar with everything, but go on.
I’m no stranger to memetic epidemiology. At Johnson Elementary School, the phrase Shelly Cooper’s a smelly pooper spread like wildfire.
Your meme hypothesis does intrigue me. How might we examine this more closely?
It’s one of the few forms of interaction with people that I don’t find repellent.
And a second non-tantalizing piece to use as a control.
Look at you, getting me to engage in the social sciences. You’re a vixen, Amy Farrah Fowler.
Hey.
Interesting. A friendly sentiment in this country, cruel taunt in the Sudan. It’s a lesson in context.
Yes, I believe so.
Yes. Why do you ask?
Did he mean as if she’d been out in the sun, tending an herb garden without wearing a hat or sunblock?
Well, we may never know. As my mother would say, the Asians are an inscrutable folk. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.
Did you get that?
This is moving faster than we thought.
I must say, Amy, pretending to have intercourse with you is giving me a great deal of satisfaction.
Pun intended?
This is remarkable. Took less than 24 hours.
Interesting. So it went beyond the mere fact of coitus to a blow by blow, as it were.
I’m sorry. What pun?
I wish you hadn’t done that. That’s going to make me a chick magnet, and I’m so busy as it is.
Perhaps your talk of my sexual prowess renewed her faith in love.
