Amusing. A play on the two meanings of cobbler.
Excuse me. I object. You propose a guessing game, yet you don’t give me enough time to guess. For the record, I was going to say your sister Priya.
Why would I change?
Given that when we met her she was finishing law school and planning an internship at a large Indian car company, it’s actually extremely plausible.
Why would I touch her, she’s covered with airplane germs.
Cobbler. I’m still laughing.
I always tell people, if you have only one day in Los Angeles, make it a train day.
The fun starts with brunch at Carney’s in Studio City, a hot dog stand in a converted railroad dining car. Next stop, Travel Town, an outdoor museum featuring 43 railroad engines, cars and other rolling stock from the 1880s to the 1930s. Finally, we’re off to the glitz and glamour of Hollywood for dinner at, that’s right, the Hollywood Carney’s, a hot dog stand in a different converted railroad dining car.
Well then apparently, you hate fun.
He rejected train day.
Abundantly.
That’s what I said.
Do you like trains?
You might as well just wait at the airport for your flight.
You are in a forest. There is quicksand to the west, a path leads to the east. Go east. An iron gate blocks your way. Open gate. It’s locked. Hmm, well, so much for that.
I’ve found an emulator online that lets you play classic text based computer games from the 1980s.
Oh yes. It runs on the world’s most powerful graphics chip, imagination.
Go north. You can’t go that way. Go west. A troll blocks your passage. Okay, fasten your seatbelts, kill troll. With what? With sword. (There is a knock on the door.) You don’t have the sword. Good golly, it’s as if it’s actually happening to me.
Hit troll with axe. Hit troll with axe. Hit troll with axe. Oh my, this is one tough troll.
Leonard, I’m trapped in quicksand, the axe is dragging me down.
Drop axe. Brilliant.
Hold on. I have to figure out how to get the bucket, so I can carry the mud past the dragon.
I know.
Five more minutes.
Everyone will see my oddly shaped uvula.
No. But it’s a shame our society mocks the differently uvulated. Who was at the door?
That’s unacceptable. We’re supposed to be given written notice.
Well, what if I spill tomato soup on my shirt and have to come home to change, only to find there’s no water for an enzyme soak.
I’ll have the chicken noodle. Goodnight.
I know how to get the bucket! I can turn the axe around and use the handle to reach it. Let’s see. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Oh dear, I believe I’m lost. Well, I’ll just have to get a fresh start tomorrow.
Yes.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
I heard a woman laughing.
Oh. Well, good job, quite convincing. I smell perfume.
And is that lipstick on your cheek and neck.
My sympathies. I am no stranger to the crimson scourge that is dermatitis. Can I interest you in a topical steroid from my lotion and unguent collection?
Very well, I’m sure I can find something that will help you ditch that itch.
Do you prefer ointment or cream?
With or without a numbing agent?
Really? Leonard, there are no heroes when it comes to dermatitis.
Prescription or non-prescription strength.
Well, I think I have a nice 2009 AnaMantle HC. It’s usually indicated for acutely inflamed haemorrhoids, but it also goes nicely with non mucosal body parts.
Excellent choice.
Priya?
For shame, Leonard. For shame. And to think I was ready to waste the last of my good haemorrhoid cream on you.
Is that really what you want to talk about, Leonard?
What do you want to talk about?
There it is. What if someone asks?
Perhaps. But they might ask me something else.
Like, has Leonard betrayed any of his friends recently?
In fact, you did, but I was referring to Howard.
April 12th, 2005, Bob’s Big Boy, Toluca Lake. Raj had just introduced us to Priya for the first time, and she was enjoying the sweet taste of Hindu rebellion in the form of a Bob’s Super Big Boy hamburger. In order to preserve your friendship, you and Howard made a pinky swear that neither of you would attempt to woo her. I had a patty melt.
And Raj.
And me.
Violation of the roommate agreement, overnight guest notification clause.
You’re far too short to be Darth Vader. At best you might be a turncoat Ewok.
You mean, you want me to keep a secret.
You know I can’t keep a secret.
Why do you get to be Batman?
Well Alfred has secrets too.
Alfred knows that Barbara Gordon is Batgirl. Which I’ve now just told to Batman. See, I can’t keep a secret.
Ta-da!
Ta-da. It’s short for da-da-da-da!
I know, that’s why I shortened it.
I came to go over your alibi for last night.
You’ve asked me to lie on your behalf, and as you know, I am deeply uncomfortable with impromptu dishonest, so I’ve provided you with an iron clad alibi. You couldn’t have spent last night with Priya, because you were with another woman.
The fun loving, and morally loose, Miss Maggie McGeary.
You met her at Pasadena’s most popular Irish watering hole, Lucky Baldwin’s, where Maggie spends her nights tending bar, with a head full of curls and a heart full of dreams.
And if anyone were to actually call that number they will hear this.
It’s pretty convincing, huh? And it wasn’t even a real person. And here is the clincher. A lock of Maggie’s flaming auburn hair.
From an orang-u-tan in the primate lab.
Well, no-one’s going to run a DNA test on it, Leonard, honestly you over-think everything.
And I have nothing to contribute to this conversation. Because I too know absolutely nothing about Priya’s preferences in male companionship. And with that, I will re-zip my lip.
Oh, I’ve heard of that place, isn’t that Pasadena’s favourite Irish watering hole.
Did you meet anyone interesting there, perhaps a promiscuous redheaded barmaid?
Sure you can, you’re doing fine, it’s very believable.
Don’t listen to him, he’s still light headed from all the Irish whiskey and pickled eggs in his system.
I believe they engaged in coitus but, more importantly, if Leonard had not abandoned his story, would you have found it plausible?
May I point out, in a parallel universe, your friends are saying Maggie McGeary, she sounds lovely.
I think a more amusing violation of Raj’s trust is when Howard convinced him that foreigners give presents to Americans on Thanksgiving.
Well, excuse me. That was not a betrayal, that was an experiment to determine at what concentration food starts tasting mothy.
For science.
You used my toothbrush?
And I’m sorry. But that behaviour is beyond the pale and cannot be tolerated. We are no longer friends.
With real puffing smoke?
Alright. But I’m watching you.
Well, sure.
Guess.
No.
You’re so close.
Mango, caterpillar. What are you doing? You said you liked it!
