Not quite accurate. The Macy’s balloons are filled with helium, whereas Leonard produces copious amounts of methane.
It wouldn’help. The human body is capable of being flatulent for hours after death.
Bernadette, before you change the subject, does anyone have any final comments on Leonard’s faulty digestive system?
Oh, congratulations.
Unless he takes Bernadette’s last name. And considering her advanced status, that could open some doors for him.
I must say, Amy, I was very impressed to see that Bernadette got her PhD.
Your doctorate is in neurobiology. I fail to see the distinction.
It’s a little stiff. What a remarkably fragile structure to support such a valuable payload. Not unlike balancing a Faberge egg on a Pixie Stick.
I’d like to respond to that sarcastically. Yes, I relish the thought of a stranger covering my body with oil and rubbing it.
Still sounds like a lot of unnecessary touching.
All right.
Rotating.
You mean the myofascial point?
Oh, dear Lord, yes, yes, oh, yes! Amy, I’ve never been touched like this before! Oh! Oh, my hands are magic!
There’s someone at my door.
Why?
I can see how that would be upsetting. Come in. I’ll get the sheets and blankets for the couch.
No, I can’t authorize that.
The Hammurabic Code is an eye for an eye, not a bed for a bed.
All right. This is a form indemnifying me from your use of Leonard’s bedroom. Sign here, indicating that I tried to stop you and did so using a stern facial expression.
Wait. Not yet. We still have to go over safety procedures. Now, the apartment has three emergency exits located here, here, and here. In the event of a power outage, luminous paint will guide you to the nearest exit.
I never kid about safety.
Good news, Raj. I got the blood work back from the lab. You’re okay to stay for a while.
Not important. Your sugar was a little high. I’d follow up with your regular physician. In the meantime, I have some paperwork here for you to go over.
Boilerplate stuff. A modified roommate agreement for a temporary house guest. And a living will and durable power of attorney.
As your friend, let’s hope it doesn’t come to that. Please sign.
Congratulations and welcome temporarily aboard. Here’s your I.D. Card, your key and your lapel pin. Which Leonard was too cool to wear. FYI, part of your responsibilities as roommate pro tem will be to drive me to and from work, the comic book store, the barbershop and the park for one hour every other Sunday for fresh air.
Also, you’re tasked with bringing home all takeout dinners. Tonight is Thai food. You’ll find the standard order in appendix B or downloadable from my FTP server. If you have any questions, here’s the FAQ sheet, or if you prefer the human touch, I do a live web chat called Apartment Talk on Tuesday nights.
What is this?
Remarkable. I’m just realizing how much Leonard’s been skating by all these years.
Yes, it’s “Penny, get your own Wi-Fi.” No spaces.
My new roommate is bending over backwards to ingratiate himself to me. (Pointing to lapel badge) Uh, nice touch, by the way.
The same thing that happened to Homo Erectus. He was replaced by a superior species.
You’re living here provisionally. But I must say it’s looking good.
No. Origami napkin swans, that’s the headline.
Here’s an interesting fact about alcohol.
Man is not the only species that ferments fruit in order to become intoxicated. Can you guess what the other is? Hint, sometimes they pack the alcohol in their trunks.
When does a monkey have a trunk?
Mmm, all right. It would appear as if alcohol is playing keep-away with your intelligence. Good night. Please note, it is now past ten p.m. Per our roommate agreement, kindly refrain from raucous laughter, clinking of glasses, and celebratory gunfire.
Would you booze hounds please stop that infernal clinking? And the answer was elephant!
What are you doing here?
I said, what are you doing here?
I have paperwork that says differently.
Irrelevant. Rajesh and I have a good thing going and you’re not going to ruin it. (Knock on door) What are you doing here?
Why?
Leonard, do you understand this?
Talk to him.
What does it look like?
