Good evening. I’m your guest lecturer, Dr. Sheldon Cooper. I was expecting applause, but I suppose stunned silence is equally appropriate. I agreed to speak to you this evening, because I was told that you’re the best and the brightest of this university’s doctoral candidates. Hmm. Of course, that’s like saying you are the most important electron in a hydrogen atom. ‘Cause, you see, there’s only one electron in a hydrogen atom. Best and brightest, my sweet patootie. All right, let’s begin. Show of hands, who here is familiar with the concept of topological insulators? Don’t kid yourselves.
Good evening, Leonard, Howard, Raj, freeloader.
Oh, yes, you should have seen those young people. Thirsty for knowledge, drinking in my wisdom. I may have changed a few lives today.
Tell me what?
Oh, tweets about my lecture. Hmm. That’s rather unfair. That’s downright cruel. Plus, insects have six legs. Yeah, I’m not familiar with the acronym KMN.
Well, I suppose everyone’s entitled to their own opinion. I think I’ll turn in. I didn’t want to teach those poopy heads, anyway.
It’s a charming illusion, but it does not cheer me up.
No.
Do you realize that teaching is the first thing I’ve failed at since my ill-fated attempt to complete a chin-up in March of 1989?
For instance?
Hmm, no. One slip of the hand, and suddenly I’m sitting in the Engineering Department, building doodads with Wolowitz.
Isn’t that their burden? I’m the one with something interesting to say.
I sense that you’re trying to slow-walk me to an epiphany. Would you mind very much jumping to it?
Acting lessons. Interesting. It might help if I could act as though I care about my students and whether or not they learn.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
You’re an (finger quotes) actress, correct?
All right. You’re an actress. I need you to teach me.
Perhaps two. I’d like to master the craft.
It has been suggested to me that acting techniques could improve my lecturing, at which, if certain tweets and blogs are to be believed, I suck the big one.
So, when could we start?
I suppose that’s one way to look at it.
Are you going to help me or not?
Oh, I’m sorry, I thought making the transition from actor to acting teacher was the signal that one’s career had reached the end of the road.
I’ll pay you 40 dollars.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Nothing. I was acting.
Yes. In preparation for today’s studies, I read Stanislavski’s An Actor Prepares, Stella Adler’s
How shall we begin?
All right.
You said to do whatever feels natural. This feels natural. Certainly more natural than what you’re doing.
Penny, my body and I have a relationship that works best when we maintain a cool, wary distance from each other.
You’re the teacher.
Why not? It seems like you’re improvising your entire curriculum.
Gotcha.
All right.
Action.
Hey, you taught me something. Who would have thought it?
I’d like a frozen yogurt, please.
Yeah.
You do?
All right. Yes. I see a sign. It says Camarillo State Mental Hospital.
It’s the only explanation I can come up with for why you think you sell shoes and yogurt.
Oh, and we’re going to use props?
You have any frozen yogurt?
Yes. I didn’t care for it.
So is the McRib sandwich. I don’t care for that, either.
I’m glad you asked. I took the liberty of adapting a Star Trek fan fiction novella I wrote when I was ten into a one-act play.
Why don’t we leave that for future generations to decide?
It’s the story of a young boy who is transported from the ignorant backwoods of East Texas to the 23rd Century, where his genius is not only appreciated, but celebrated.
Now, in this pivotal scene, Sheldon’s mother, played by you, argues with an emissary of the United Federation of Planets, Mr. Spock, the role I will bring to life.
Why would we want to do that? It’s called the comfort zone for a reason.
I’m sorry. You’ll be Spock?
Very well. I’ll set the scene.
East Texas. A warm summer night. A woman, Mary, stands on a porch. In the distance, we hear a lonesome train whistle. Woo-woo. The droning buzz of cicadas. Zzzzzzzzz. A coyote howls at the moon, frightening sensitive young boys everywhere. Aw-aw-aw! Out in the woods, an owl screeches.
Hoo!
Shelly! Shelly, how many times have I told you not to leave your sciencey stuff out on the porch? Goodness, I’ll never understand that boy. But then again, I’m a religious nut, and my mind is closed to so many things.
Glory be to Heaven, some sort of creature just manifested out of thin air. George, put down that Pepsi can full of bourbon that ain’t foolin’ no one, and get your shotgun!
I’m sorry. I just don’t buy it.
Oh, my, your sudden appearance startles me.
I understand. Oh, Shelly? A man’s here to take you away to the future! Be sure to pack clean underwear.”
Why?
Yes, but he’s going to a better place where he won’t get beat up. So much.
I’m sorry. I just love that line. Even the way you do it.
Oh, Shelly? A man’s here to take you away to the future. Be sure to pack clean underwear.
Mommy, why are you crying? ‘Cause I’m gonna miss you, Shelly-bean, even though you creep the bejeezus out of me.
Well I’m sorry. It’s not my fault. I’m just incredibly smart, and everyone around here is dumber than a bag of rocks. Oh, now, don’t you start crying. You get in that spaceship. Mommy’s late for Indian bingo.
Mommy, I love you. Don’t let Spock take me to the future!
