Impressive, but we must be cautious.
Today, it’s a Chinese food retrieval robot. Tomorrow, it travels back in time and tries to kill Sarah Connor.
No one ever does. That’s why it happens.
You realize, Penny, that the technology that went into this arm will one day make unskilled food servers such as yourself obsolete.
I thought you broke up with her. Why is she here?
I wouldn’t say amazing. At best, it’s a modest leap forward from the basic technology that gave us Country Bear Jamboree.
Yes? (Howard types. The hand puts up two fingers to Sheldon.) Peace?
Excuse me. Oh. Amy’s at the dry cleaners, and she’s made a very amusing pun. “I don’t care for perchloroethylene, and I don’t like glycol ether.” Get it? She doesn’t like glycol ether. Sounds like either. (Taps in reply) L-O-L.
She’s not my girlfriend.
She’s not my girlfriend.
She’s not my girlfriend.
All right, everyone pay attention. Yes, I have a friend named Amy Farrah Fowler. Yes, she is female. Yes, we communicate on a daily basis, but no, she is not my girlfriend.
Well, my work in physics, her work in neurobiology, and most recently, the possibility of our having a child together.
Amy pointed out that between the two of us, our genetic material has the potential of producing the first in a line of intellectually superior, benign overlords to guide humanity to a brighter tomorrow.
Yes, Penny.
Why on Earth would we have sex?
I’m quite aware of the way humans usually reproduce, which is messy, unsanitary, and based on living next to you for three years, involves loud and unnecessary appeals to a deity.
Yes, exactly. Consequently, if Amy and I choose to bring new life into this world, it will be accomplished clinically, with fertility experts in a lab with petri dishes. Which reminds me, you have broad hips and a certain corn-fed vigour. Is your womb available for rental?
You mean dating?
I can’t date Amy.
She’s not my girlfriend.
Oh. I hadn’t considered that. I suppose she will have to have access to our progeny. And you don’t think I can achieve the required intimacy via text messaging?
Huh. It would appear as if the phone companies have been lying to me.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
I know. I can see the shadow of your feet under the door.
If you’re looking for an example of a waste of time, I would refer you to the conversation we’re having right now.
I’ve decided to take your advice and have arranged to go on a date with Amy Farrah Fowler.
Wait. You have to drive me.
You know I don’t drive.
I did. He said, and I quote, ask Penny, it was her cockamamie idea.
Actually, I’m paraphrasing. Having been raised in a Christian household, I’m uncomfortable with the language he used. And to be honest, I’m not entirely comfortable with cockamamie.
Now.
Hurry. We’re going to be late.
I’m sorry. Do you have other plans?
So this conversation is as pointless as your door-knocking soliloquy?
Thank you for driving me.
I wish you weren’t wearing flip-flops. It’s dangerous to drive in flip-flops.
Sorry. I just don’t want to be yet another flip-flop fatality.
Given your community college education, I encourage you to ask me as many as possible.
That depends. Does square-dancing with my sister at a Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown count as a date?
Then, this is my first date.
I have a master’s degree and two doctorates. The things I should know, I do know.
If you know so much, how come I have a date tonight and you have nothing better to do than drive me to it?
Don’t bother. I’ve wasted many an hour tilting at that particular windmill.
Oh, no, I wouldn’t care for that. Amy?
No.
All right. It was hell.
I’m sorry, how is this better than uncomfortable silence?
Muggles.
Big night? The winter solstice is a big night. It’s over 14 hours in Southern California.
Thank you.
Apparently, a semi-incestuous Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown didn’t count.
Your characterization of approximately 171 different men as a few.
Simple extrapolation. In the three years that I’ve known you, you were single for two. During that time, I saw 17 different suitors. If we work backwards, correcting for observation bias and postulate an initial dating age of 15…
I’m sorry. 16?
My mistake. Now, assuming the left side of a bell curve peaking around the present, that would bring the total up to 193 men. Plus or minus eight men.
Although that number would be fairly easy to calculate.
Based on the number of awkward encounters I’ve had with strange men leaving her apartment in the morning, plus the number of times she’s returned home wearing the same clothes she wore the night before…
So we multiply 193, minus 21 men before the loss of virginity, so 172 times 0.18 gives us 30.96 sexual partners. Let’s round that up to 31.
This is an interesting topic. How many sexual encounters have you had?
I should think so.
You were right. This was a very productive evening. I saw a whole new side of Amy Farrah Fowler tonight.
I’ll be happy to check the math, but numbers don’t lie, Penny. In any event, now that Amy and I have spent quality time together, I feel much more confident proceeding to the next stage of our relationship.
Using in vitro fertilization and a surrogate uterus to gift humanity with our progeny.
In these uncertain times, doesn’t humanity deserve a gift?
That’s no threat. My mother’s always wanted a grandchild.
Curses.
Well, it’s not that late. You could still go out and look for number 32. Good night.
I’ve decided not to procreate.
