Good news. I finally have a handle on my idea for three-person chess.
Uh, do you know how I solved the balanced centre combat-area problem? Five words, transitional quadrilateral to triangular tessellation.
It’s what I do. But wait, there’s more. I also invented two new chess pieces. The serpent, and the old woman.
When the serpent slithers to an opposing player’s piece, that piece is considered poisoned and will die after two more moves. Ugh.
Unless, it gets to the old woman in time, in which case she sucks out the poison, turning her into the Grand Empress, a piece combining the power of the knight, queen and serpent.
That’s because it’s simple.
And…
And a third person. It’s three-person chess. I must say, ever since you started having regular intercourse, your mind has lost its keen edge. You should reflect on that.
Yes, and he never unified gravity with the other forces. If he hadn’t been such a hound dog, we’d all have time machines.
You know I’m right.
Knight to old woman six-and-a-third. Brilliant move. Thank you. (Knock on door) Will the two of you excuse me?
Sorry, I have company.
I don’t want to hug you.
Blue, as in depressed.
I don’t know what colour lonely is.
Red is angry, yellow is frightened, green is jealous and blue is depressed. Perhaps we can assign a colour to lonely.
All right. Come in. You look positively orange with loneliness. No, I don’t see that catching on at all.
I’m working on my three-person chess game.
It’s three-person chess. Did you bring a friend?
Then as a mental exercise I invite you to figure out why the two of us can’t play three-person chess. Can you believe this guy? Social protocol does, however, require me to bring you a hot beverage in your time of need.
It’s not optional. We’re out of tea. I hope you like bouillon.
Actually, I was wondering if I could add a third new chess piece. How do you think people would feel about Prince Joey, the king’s feeble-minded but well-meaning cousin?
The fun thing about Prince Joey is every time he moves, there’s a one-in-five chance he’ll kill himself.
Yellow. Go ahead.
Fascinating. What’s in it?
I like cows.
It was its own point. Go on.
Rajesh, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside you for many years. My recommendation is that you gobble these up like Tic Tacs.
I’m glad you think so. That’s what I strive to emulate.
Oh, there’s no need to interact with me. I’m just here to observe.
All right.
I’d like to buy a scone.
They sound delicious, but this money is earmarked for scones.
They were out of scones.
My catapult flings my bishop to Howard’s Queen’s Gorilla two.
When it’s done charging. Or you land on the time machine. Obviously.
I knew I should have given my Pope the jet pack.
