What?
Dear Lord! Have you been drinking it?
Well, that’s it then. I’m dead.
I’m sorry, do I really need to connect the dots for you? The backwash into this glass is every pathogen that calls your mouth home, sweet home. Not to mention the visitors who arrive on the dancing tongue of your subtropical girlfriend.
Yes, I’d like a seven-day course of penicillin, some, uh, syrup of ipecac, to induce vomiting, and a mint.
He drank from Leonard’s glass. Words they’ll be carving into my tombstone.
Oh, this is a nightmare!
To the bar, to sterilize my mouth with alcohol. Gang way! Dead man walking!
I gargled with tequila and may have swallowed a teeny bit.
Fine. Thank you for asking. I love you so much.
Fire demon.
Could you please play the game without commenting on every card?
Last one.
Oh, dear Lord!
Where’s the mouthwash?
Hello.
Oh, other than waiting out the exponential growth period of the virulent organisms trooping through my microvilli into my circulatory system, hunky-dory. (Penny laughs) Did I say something amusing?
So your mirth is merely a discharge of nervous energy with no semantic content at all?
Is there a station coming up where I can board your giggling train of thought?
Jibber-jabber? I don’t jibber-jabber.
Oh, I’m working on time-dependent backgrounds in string theory, specifically quantum field theory in D-dimensional de Sitter space.
Interesting, do you know where the phrase jibber-jabber comes from?
To a hospital? Full of sick people? Oh, I don’t think so.
I can’t.
Not all germs. Just the ones that will kill me. It’s the same way I’m not afraid of all steak knives, just the ones that might be plunged in my thorax.
I would think he would know that.
Fine, I’ll go. Just for the record, my Aunt Ruth died in a hospital. She went in to visit my Uncle Roger, caught something and bit the dust a week later. The two of them now share a coffee can on my mother’s mantel.
A heart-attack-like event is an event that’s like a heart attack.
Regardless, coronary problems are eminently treatable. What’s more likely going to kill Howard’s mother are the antibiotic-resistant super-bugs festering in every nook and cranny of this hospital.
Disagree.
I’ll sit over there, it looks cleaner.
I’ll give you $1,000 if you’ll drive me home.
Howard, I have to go to the bathroom and no one will take me home.
Pneumococcus, streptococcus, staphylococcus and other assorted coccuses.
Will you at least go with me to the restroom here, so you can open the door and flush the urinal?
This might be a good time to point out, Howard, that friendship requires a certain give and take. Hold the door!
Finally. (Goes down corridor. Dodges into a door to avoid a coughing patient on a trolley. The room is full of doctors in hazmat suits.) Oh, what fresh hell is this?
No, I haven’t. It’s all good.
Help me! Come back! Penny!
Mountain Elf.
Must you?
Zandor, Wizard of the North. Ha! I win.
