Leonard, are you in the shower?
I asked if you were in the shower, but that’s moot now.
Moot. Rendered unimportant by recent events.
I have to skip the chitchat. Emergency.
Mathematical. 32-ounce banana smoothie, 16-ounce bladder.
I assure you I do.
What?
What are you doing in there? She can’t be in here.
According to the roommate agreement, paragraph nine, subsection B, the right to bathroom privacy is suspended in the event of force majeure. And believe me, I am experiencing a very majeure force.
Come on, you can’t wait two minutes?
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Move. Move. Move!
Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, you are officially charged with two violations of the roommate agreement. Do you waive reading of the charges?
Very well. Count the first, on or about the 28th day of April, the accused did knowingly and with malice aforethought deny access to the shared bathroom in a time of emergency, to wit, my back teeth were floating. Count the second, the accused exceeded the agreed upon occupancy of the shower, to wit, one, unless we are under attack by water-soluble aliens.
Um, it’s fairly technical.
Do so, do so.
Oh, that’s ridiculous. A bathroom emergency is self-explanatory.
Irrelevant. Leonard doesn’t trim his nose hair. He thinks because he’s short nobody can see up there.
But…
This isn’t over.
What is that you’re eating? Tonight is pizza night.
Yes, and when Franconi’s went out of business, we switched to Graziano’s.
No.
This is Greek food? Leonard, you hate Greek food.
Fine. I’m nothing if not adaptable.
Thank you. If you think about it, Greek food isn’t that far from italian food. They share a spice palette. And what a civilization is the Greeks. They gave us science, democracy, and little cubes of charred meat that taste like sweat.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
The mean Indian lady tried to make me eat lamb. Congratulations. Pizza night will now be at your apartment. Order one.
A girls night? Oh, I don’t know if I’m up for an evening talking about rainbows, unicorns and menstrual cramps.
Shotgun.
Really, Amy? Tobacco and alcohol? Need I remind you not a lot of scientific discoveries were made by people having a good time?
It’s talc. But as that’s a primary ingredient of baby powder, I understand your confusion.
I don’t know how to process that.
Other than my mother, my sister and my mee-maw, no. But in the interest of full disclosure, I was once on a bus and had to give mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to an elderly nun who passed out from heat exhaustion. Every year I get a Christmas card from her, signed with far too many X’s and O’s.
Thank you. Not necessary. We know everything there is to know about kissing. It requires 34 facial muscles and 112 postural muscles.
I’m certainly glad no one said they were curious about Aztec human sacrifice.
No, thank you, but for the record, I’m an excellent dancer. Proficient in the rumba, waltz and cha-cha.
I don’t see why that’s surprising. I excel at so many things. You’ve had my sourdough bread.
Against my will. In the South, pre-adolescent children are forced through a process called cotillion, which indoctrinates them with all the social graces and dance skills needed to function in 18th century Vienna.
No, you most certainly are not.
I saved a nun’s life. Why am I being punished?
Waltz. It’s a social dance from Austria, choreographed to a three-four time signature. (Sings Blue Danube. The taxi driver says something into radio in Korean. The word “waltz” is included. Dispatcher replies also in Korean. Taxi driver sings Blue Danube. Dispatcher says “oh, waltz!” They speak Korean some more. )
What happened to you?
What’s 16 times 14?
And there’s your answer.
If you’re referring to the beverage, you know I don’t drink. If you’re referring to the hat you don while wearing a nightshirt and holding a candle, I have one.
It’s hard to say no to yoo-hoo. The name literally beckons.
Thank you. Is someone smoking?
You own a smoking monkey?
What’s he doing here?
Remarkable. Aren’t you worried about secondhand smoke?
is he deliberately blowing smoke at me?
Thank you. May I share something with you that’s troubling me?
Priya has essentially nullified my roommate agreement with Leonard, making life in the apartment very uncomfortable for me.
No, of course not.
I understand the alcohol has stirred up whatever it is that makes girls go wild, but I really need to talk to smart Amy now.
No.
Well, when challenged, monkeys generally assert their dominance through chasing, assault and a stylized penile display. That’s a little outside my comfort zone.
Are you suggesting I play dirty?
Fascinating.
Who’s to say you shouldn’t be dissecting our brains? You really are an ass.
Oh, good, you’re up. I’ve written a new and improved roommate agreement that benefits me greatly. I’d like you to sign it.
Excellent question. Do you remember what happened to the alien, played by talented character actor Frank Gorshin, in the Star Trek episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield?
Affirmative. Computer, this is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Activate self-destruct sequence. Code 1-1-A-2-B.
That was my first thought, but all my cool stuff is here.
Unless Leonard signs the new agreement in the next 41 seconds, this computer will send an e-mail to your parents in India saying that you’re in a secret relationship with the whiter-than-marshmallow-fluff Leonard Hofstadter.
20 seconds.
He does that all the time, doesn’t he? 15.
I never bluff. Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
It’s a laptop with a full charge. Honestly, what do you see in him?
Three.
Two.
You may have gone to Cambridge, but I’m an honorary graduate of Starfleet academy.
Good morning, Amy.
Are you experiencing dehydration, headache, nausea and shame?
Ah, memory impairment, the free prize at the bottom of every vodka bottle.
All right. Last night you gave me some excellent advice regarding my problem here at home, you kissed me and then vomited on and off for 40 minutes, following which you passed out on your bathroom floor. I then folded a towel under your head as a pillow, set your oven clock to the correct time because it was driving me crazy, and I left.
I suggest we treat our relationship as if it were a crashed computer and restore it to the last point we both agree it worked.
You’re preaching to the choir, sister.
