What’s going on?
Did you offer him a hot beverage?
Leonard, social protocol states when a friend is upset, you offer them a hot beverage, such as tea.
You heard the man, Leonard. And while you’re at it, I’m upset that we have an unannounced houseguest, so make me cocoa. Point of inquiry, given that Leonard is your secondary friend and Koothrappali is your primary friend, why didn’t you seek refuge under his roof?
Cocoa, Leonard. Focus. I’m down in the dumps here.
Don’t worry. As your tertiary friend, I am prepared to step in and comfort you.
No, no. I’ll finish making the tea, while you narcissistically ramble on about whatever’s troubling you.
That’s what tertiary friends are for.
Would you be sleeping over again this evening? Because you’re welcome to.
Well, just keep in mind that should you ever need a slightly apathetic tertiary friend, I stand at the ready.
Hello.
Actually, he can. The Hindu Code of Manu is very clear in these matters. If a woman’s father is not around, the duty of controlling her base desires falls to the closest male member of her family, in this case, Raj. The code also states that if she disobeys, she will be reborn in the womb of a jackal and tormented by diseases. If true, that seems like an awfully large gamble given that the prize is Leonard.
Priya, if you’re experiencing any tension or awkwardness, it may stem from the fact that Leonard and Penny used to, if I may quote Howard, do the dance with no pants.
That’s remarkable. If pepperoni were an explosive substance, you could replace German shepherds at our nation’s airports.
No, no. It’s not an imposition. At this point, in our ecosystem, you are akin to the plover, a small scavenging bird that eats extra food from between the teeth of crocodiles. Please, fly into our open maw, and have at it.
Did you get the part?
Given the state of your career, can you really afford to be picky?
It’s actually Thai. You’re slipping.
They went to Catalina for the weekend.
At home, forbidding it.
I’m given to understand his mother grounded him for running away.
Actually, it’s the three of us.
Right. I’ll make tea.
I’m sorry. It’s not optional.
