Why hast thou forsaken me, O deity whose existence I doubt?
They stole everything, Leonard, everything.
What didn’t they get? They got my enchanted weapons, my vicious gladiator armour, my wand of untainted power, and all my gold.
What choice did I have? The mighty Sheldor, level 85 blood elf, hero of the Eastern kingdoms, has been picked clean, like a carcass in the desert sun. Plus, the FBI hung up on me.
They took my battle ostrich.
Yes, Glenn! The only bird I ever loved.
Wait a minute! You’re not going to do anything?
Doctor Cooper.
That’s from Avatar, World of Warcraft takes place in Azeroth. Goodness gracious, how are you allowed to carry a gun? Can you at least refer me to a rogue ex-cop?
You know, one who was drummed off the force because he refused to play by the rules, and now he hires himself out to impose his own brand of rough justice?
It’s all gone. All gone.
What kind of world do we live in, where a man would take another man’s battle ostrich?
This act of aggression must be met with swift and cruel ferocity. It is time to cry havoc, and let slip the dogs of war.
See if Raj is done with Pilates.
Three thousand hours. Three thousand hours clicking on that mouse, collecting weapons and gold. It’s almost as if it was a huge waste of time.
Oh! There isn’t enough camomile tea in the world to quell the rage in my heart.
Can we trust him?
No. Glenn’s was leather. He was a simple ostrich. Is! Is, I haven’t given up hope.
That game? Excuse me, Penny, but Doodle Jump is a game. Angry Birds is a game. World of Warcraft is a massively multi-player online role-playing… all right, technically it’s a game.
Stale pastry is hollow succour to a man who is bereft of ostrich.
I thought I just did.
Be ruthless. You tell him if he doesn’t start talking, we’ll register a complaint with his Internet service provider.
I don’t care! I’m losin’ it, man!
And people think I don’t get sarcasm.
What?
I’ve never said these words before, but good job, Howard!
The name and the address drip with evil.
Excellent! It’s in a cul-de-sac. We can box him in.
Carlsbad is only a couple of hours away.
I don’t know if you’ve been following the news, Leonard, but there have been some terrific advancements in the field of torture.
Fine, we’ll abide by the Geneva Convention. But ask yourself this, in the course of our lives, how much lunch money has been taken from us? How many kites? How many Scooby-Doo Trapper Keepers?
Of course you did. It was a fun and practical way of organizing your school work. But the bullies took it from us. Well, no more. Tonight, we take back our dignity, our birthright and our pride. What do you say? Who’s with me?
Sure.
Fine. Leonard?
One moment. (Places a tissue on their hands before adding his own) I’m hell-bent on catching a cyber criminal, not the common cold.
I’m sorry, I thought this delay was so you could watch Wheel of Fortune with your mother.
That’s uncanny.
Sea World is better. It has Shamu, who is literally tons of fun. But for the moment, let’s stay focused on Todd Zarnecki.
I almost feel sorry for the poor fool, sitting in his split-level suburban ranch, unaware that a vengeful horde is barrelling down the San Diego Freeway at 71 miles an hour. Ease up there, lead foot. You trying to get us killed?
This says Beyonce Bootylicious Dance Mix.
We are winged fury! Which is still no excuse for going over the posted speed limit.
I always prefer the train.
Coming.
No weapon strikes more fear into a man’s heart than a Klingon bat’leth.
So my blade shall not taste blood tonight?
Well, now I just feel silly holding it.
Can I at least kick down the door?
Your doom!
Good point. Basket of puppies.
Are you Todd Zarnecki?
I am Sheldor of Azeroth. I want my things back.
Careful. That’s a collectible.
Well, he’s even more cunning than we thought.
You know, the joke’s on him. Without the certificate of authenticity, that bat’leth is worthless.
Of course.
No.
It’d be swell if they had a train.
Thank you, Penny.
No. We failed in our noble quest.
Todd Zarnecki was mean.
We did it! I said, we.
