That is apt and amusing. I think I shall share that with Amy Farrah Fowler. She’ll appreciate the witticism.
It’ll also help improve her initial impression of you.
Well, the status is as it always was. She’s a girl. She’s a friend. She is not my, please forgive me for doing this, girlfriend.
Leonard, you are my best friend. I’ve known you for seven years, and I can barely tolerate sitting on the couch with you. Imagine my attitude regarding prolonged physical proximity to Amy Farrah Fowler.
I sense judgment on your part.
May I suggest that your criticism is based on jealousy.
I have a functioning and satisfying relationship with a female. You have none.
Jealousy is an ugly green-eyed monster, not unlike the Hulk, who, by the way, also has a girlfriend. In this iteration, Jennifer Connelly, whom you may recall as the girlfriend of Russell Crowe in A Beautiful Mind, a feel-good romp if there ever was one.
Hu-u-urgh! Leonard not jealous.
You know, it just occurred to me, if there are an infinite number of parallel universes, in one of them, there’s probably a Sheldon who doesn’t believe parallel universes exist.
No point. It’s just one of the things that makes one of the mes chuckle. What makes you chuckle, Leonard?
Is it because of the conflict that arises from your desperate need to pair-bond with a woman, and the apparent collective decision of all womankind to deny you that opportunity?
You know, when my grandfather died, and Meemaw was alone, my mom arranged for her to visit a centre three times a week where she could socialize with other lonely people. It’s very nice. They discuss current events, play bridge, get a hot meal.
It is if you like bridge. Do you like bridge, Leonard?
Meemaw resisted at first, but now she loves it.
It’s not a home. It’s a senior centre.  We’d never put Meemaw in a home!
All right, I’ll bow to social pressure. Hey!
No, no, no, no!
Thank you.
Leonard? Are you sleeping?
Are you ill?
Are you still depressed because you’re alone, and no one loves you?
I want you to know that I’m genuinely concerned about your well-being.
You’re welcome. But it’s still no reason to have your feet in my spot.
Since we got home from the comic bookstore.
As per your suggestion, we’re hanging out. Quite frankly, I don’t see what all the hoopla’s about. Go on, Amy.
Did you know that, Leonard?
I did.
Wise decision. You see, Amy, success at a bar is based on classic male attributes such as height, strength, attractiveness, the ability to hold one’s liquor and throw darts, separately or together. Leonard has none of these attributes, right, Leonard?
Oh! Good point, Amy. Yeah, building on your premise, Leonard could frequent sushi bars, salad bars, oyster bars, the Apple Genius Bar, what are you doing?
He does it all the time. He’s a cornucopia of social awkwardness.
Let’s make that our word of the day.
Well, I have to void my bladder. It was nice spending this time with you.
Yes?
I see. Can I get back to you on that?
Good night. (Closing laptop, and running down stairs in panic) Leonard, Leonard, Leonard,
Amy Farrah Fowler has asked me to meet her mother.
What does that mean?
Uh-huh.
Wait. What?
I don’t want the next level. I like this level. Fix it for me!
Simple! You want a girlfriend, Amy wants to be someone’s girlfriend. Take her off my hands. I give you my blessing.
You’re right. It would never work. Amy finds you tedious.
Wait! What am I supposed to do?
Leonard, I’m a physicist, not a hippie.
Screwed.
Amy’s right. He is tedious.
As if one of the plants from Invasion of the Body Snatchers duplicated you in every way, only with an absurd amount of hair gel.
I’m removing my digital footprint from the Internet so Amy Farrah Fowler can’t find me and compel me to meet her mother.
Exactly.
Thank you. I’ve also sent Amy a relationship termination notice and changed my cell phone number and e-mail address.
She’ll get lost. We no longer live at 2311 Los Robles. We now live at 311 Los Robles.
Oh, no worries, I explained my predicament to our letter carrier. He was sympathetic. His exact words were, Got your back, Jack. Bitches be crazy.
Darn! She found me!
The only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan. Now, get my back, Jack.
Tell her I’m not here.
I don’t know. You’ll have to devise a scenario that plausibly explains my absence, keeping in mind that the key to a good lie lies in the details.
Way to go on the details.
Proxima Centauri’s the nearest star. The celestial bodies that follow are Alpha Centauri A, Toli, Barnard’s Star, Wolf 359, Lalande 21185, Sirius A, Sirius B, BL-Ceti, UV-Ceti, Ross 154, Ross 248, Epsilon Eridani, Lac-9352, Ross 128, Procyon A, oh, darn, that’s wrong! (Heads back up stairs) EZ Aquarii A, EZ Aquarii B, EZ Aquarii C, Procyon A. Those are the stars that are nearest to me. Tra-la-la and fiddle-dee-dee. (Sees Amy standing in lobby) Oh, dear. They really do be crazy.
EZ Aquarii B, EZ Aquarii C, excuse me, madam.
Rats!
No misunderstanding. I’ve learned what that request actually means, and I don’t want to be joined to another object by an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis.
So we’d be perpetrating a ruse?
And you haven’t fallen hopelessly in love with me?
Amy Farrah Fowler, that’s the most pragmatic thing anyone has ever said to me.
Of course. Would you like to join me for Chinese food?
My apologies. Good night, Amy.
I assure you I am quite real and I’m having regular intercourse with your daughter.
Oh, yes. We’re like wild animals in heat. It’s a wonder neither of us has been hurt.
Oh, yes, it’s time for me to make love to your daughter’s vagina.
Agreed. Amy, I find myself wondering if we should actually engage in coitus at least one time in our relationship. Bazinga. Bedtime. Please show yourself out.
