Howard, if I may interject here with a piece of friendly advice. Is working on magic tricks really how you want to spend your time? Granted, you’re just an engineer, but that doesn’t mean you might not someday build a geegaw or a thingamabob that may get you a thank you in someone else’s Nobel prize acceptance speech.
Is it any wonder he doesn’t have a doctorate?
It’s not cool. It’s a childish trick designed to confuse and intrigue simpletons. How’d you do it?
Fine. Give me a second.
It’s not amazing. All magic tricks are merely a combination of manipulation and misdirection with the occasional dwarf in a box wiggling his feet.
Well, I don’t care how you did it. I have more important things to think about. Clearly, the cards are marked.
I do. You just happen to have caught me on a break. Oh, let me see those cards.
Not knowing is part of the fun. Was that the motto of your community college?
This deck is rigged in some fashion.
So you’re saying this is a regulation deck?
Um…
Oh, oh, please, if I don’t know, you don’t know. That’s axiomatic.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
I think I figured out Wolowitz’s magic trick, and I need you to pick a card.
As you wish. (Cards slide under door) Pick a card, put it back, and prepare to be amazed. (Leonard does not) Did you pick one?
(Sliding card under door) Is this your card?
Drat. Is this your card?
I’ll be right back.
Pick a card, Sheldon. Now look at it, and put it back in the deck. Now do you remember your card? Of course I do, I have an eidetic memory. My apologies. Now shuffle the cards. Shuffling. Wait here. Processing image, cross-referencing.
I’m reverse engineering Wolowitz’s magic trick.
I’m measuring residual heat levels on the playing cards to determine which one’s been touched. By the way, if you hope to have children, I suggest you switch from briefs to boxers. Your testicles look a tad warm.
Yes. I’m using their Cray Supercomputer to analyze shuffling patterns.
Relax, we’re not under attack right now.
And is this my card? Rats! I wonder if Howard used a radioactive tracer. Where am I going to find Uranium-235 this time of night? Come on, Craigslist.
Oh, I’ve been meaning to tell you, I figured out your magic trick.
Oh, yes. In fact, I improved upon it.
All right. Pick a card.
Bippity-boppity-boo.
The wand is called showmanship, and the beep is none of your business. Oh! Excuse me, I’m getting a text message completely unrelated to this magic trick. Oh, look, my dry cleaning’s ready. And your card was the five of spades. Ta-da.
I said, ta-da. Show’s over.
That does it. I’m getting uranium.
Hello.
Apparently, you can’t hack into a government supercomputer and then try to buy uranium without the Department of Homeland Security tattling to your mother.
Figure out the magic trick yet?
No.
Hang on. This time do it with me, so I can make sure there’s no monkey business.
I hate you.
