Since we come in every Tuesday night at six o’clock and order the same exact thing, and it’s now six oh eight, I believe your question not only answers itself but also stands alongside such other nonsensical queries as who let the dogs out? and, uh, How are they hanging?
Probably serving food that was ordered today.
In order to take a vacation, one first has to work.
I trust Penny will adhere to the Official California Restaurant Workers’ Solemn Oath of Ethics and Cleanliness.”
You lied to me?
Good morning. If I could have everyone’s attention, please? I know we’re all eager to get on the road to Big Sur, so if we focus, I’m sure we can get through this orientation in under a half an hour. Then it’s just Q&A, quiz, safety drills, pose for commemorative group photo and we’re off.
Raj? What are you doing? I don’t think so. You’ve had your allotted six ounces. The first bathroom break isn’t until the Denny’s located near Bakersfield, which is approximately two and half hours away. Remember, people, we’re only as strong as our weakest bladder.
All right. We have seven people, and two cars. In the lead car, driven by Leonard, will be myself, Amy Farrah Fowler and Penny.
She made the case that if we break down in the middle of nowhere, your Nebraska backwoods skills and brawny hands will give us the best chance to survive in the wild.
Red Leader to Red Five, come in. Red Leader to Red Five, come in. Howard, you promised.
It’s eleven fifteen. I’m requesting your quarter-hourly location update.
Copy that, Red Five. Radio contact is sufficient. No need to extend your middle finger.
Indeed. Nothing sours a friendship more than over-familiarity with someone’s toilet routine.
No. Amy?
No.
Amy, it’s Penny’s turn. Penny?
That’s not apropos. We’ve already established I’m found in the periodic table.
I knew she wasn’t lead car material.
Leonard.
Although Road Trip God does have a certain ring to it.
Please tell me you’re not having coitus.
Can you guarantee that it won’t happen at any time during the night?
(Knock, knock, knock) Raj? (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? I need to sleep here tonight.
Howard is a complete and total ass, Bernadette is in Penny’s bed, Amy bites, and Penny may or may not have coitus with Leonard.
Good morning and welcome to Science and Society. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, BS, MS, MA, PhD, and ScD. OMG, right? Perhaps that joke was a little too hippie-dippy for this crowd. All right then, we’ll begin with opening remarks. Miss Rostenkowski, would you like to start us off by discussing your assessment of science’s responsibility to society?
Dr. Koothrappali, would you care to join the conversation?
Excuse me. We’re not taking comments or questions from the audience just yet.
All right, why don’t we see if we can bring this back to topic.
I guess not.
All right, why don’t we open it up to Q&A from the audience?
Red Leader to Red Five. Red Leader to Red Five. Anybody up for a little game? I spy with my little eye, a nonferrous metal. (Howard throws walkie-talkie out of window)
Must be out of range.
All right, if no one’s going to guess, I was spying the aluminium rims on the police car we passed a few miles back.
