I won’t say that all senior citizens who can’t master technology should be publicly flogged, but if we made an example of one or two, it might give the others incentive to try harder.
Howard doesn’t. He’s only an engineer.
You know, Leonard, that’s actually a valid idea. Very good.
No. The two achievements are equally surprising and equally admirable, though if pressed, I’d have to give a slight edge to the cat. I’ll save you the pain and nervousness of waiting for the answer. I agree to be part of your project. Congratulations.
Oh!
Oh, dear Lord, shush.
You have so few good ideas, Leonard. And you’re just going to spill the beans in front of an outsider?
The stars at night are big and bright, deep in the heart of Texas.
The prairie sky is wide and high, deep in the heart…
Of Texas.
Hardly. Consider this unlikely but very plausible scenario. A young woman alone in the big city. Her ridiculous dream of becoming an actress lies shattered about her.
Then it hits her. How is she going to survive? I mean, she has no prospects, no marketable skills. And then one day, she meets a group of geniuses and their friend Howard.
She befriends them, and then lies in wait until they reveal a marketable idea, which she steals and sells to the highest bidder.
Oh, is it? Well let’s see you come up with an explanation as to why this woman hangs out with us all the time.
All right, I’ve taken the liberty of drafting these workflow charts which outline our various duties and the path we will follow as we develop our ground-breaking new app.
A customer service representative with an Indian accent will create the impression we’re a vast enterprise that uses overseas call centres.
Duly noted, Steve from Wichita.
Because the word secretary has fallen into disrepute. FYI, my mother’s birthday is coming up. I’m going to need you to pick up a present.
Leonard, please, we can talk during our break. We have one coming up at midnight. We’ll need snacks.
Oh, of course you are. Look at the organizational chart. You’re clearly listed as founder.
You missed Chief Science Officer, Chairman of the Board, and Head of the Secret Santa Committee.
All right. All right, I’m not going to argue with you. Sheldon Cooper is nothing if not a team player. Dr. Hofstadter, you have the conn.
Oh, dear Lord, we’re doomed.
Good one, boss.
This diagram. I assume you were opening with a joke. It certainly buoyed up this employee’s esprit de corps.
In that case, may I offer 27 little tweaks to make it slightly less embarrassing?
Oh, I’m, I’m sorry. I assumed that you wanted candid truth-telling from your employees, but I realize now, you want the mindless nattering of complacent yes-men.
If you say so, boss.
How about this for the app name? The Surprisingly Helpful Equation-Linked Differential Optimized Numerator.
Does it? A happy accident.
All right, fine. If we’re not going to give it a name, can we at least give it a secret code designation?
Well, but hear me out. The atomic bomb was The Manhattan Project. Windows 95 was originally Project Chicago. For our app, I would humbly suggest Project Nodlehs.
Another happy accident.
I see. Is that decision open for discussion?
Is the decision to not discuss it open for discussion?
I call for a vote of no confidence and an immediate change in leadership.
When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary to dissolve the bonds that tie three competent scientists together…
All right, let’s get right to the vote. Show of hands all those opposed to Leonard and his reign of tyranny.
Really? Why?
I see. And is that open for discussion?
Oh. Good morning, shoemaker. I think you’ll be pleased with what the elves were up to last night.
Oh, I know. I’m now an independent contractor.
But I made it better.
Well, that speaks volumes, doesn’t it? All right, I suppose I’ll go put on my bus pants.
They are pants one wears over one’s regular pants when one sits on bus seats that other people have previously sat on. But perhaps from your lofty heights atop the corporate ladder, you’ve lost touch with the struggles of the common man.
Except you identified me, your best friend, as a gangrenous limb that needed to be severed from the organism and tossed away. The desperate act of a little man with a big Napoleon complex.
Good morning, Friend Howard. Friend Raj. I see you gentlemen are enjoying beverages. Perhaps they would taste better out of these.
Don’t thank me. You earned it.
I’m sorry. I typed that into the label maker, but I just couldn’t press enter. Now down to business. What would it take for you to abandon Leonard and join me in a rival company? Unless, of course, the mugs are sufficient, in which case, welcome aboard.
I understand. And your loyalty is admirable. But what if I were to up the ante?
Monogrammed key chains with a built-in laser pointer. No? How about can cosies emblazoned with our university mascot? Go, Beavers. I’ll be back.
Greetings, gentlemen. How goes your little project?
Ah, a combination of all your names. Very clever. I assume Koothranardowitz was taken?
Oh, well then, by all means, carry on. I wouldn’t want to impede your progress.
Playing the theremin.
Playing it. I’ve loved the theremin from the first moment I heard the original Star Trek theme. And it’s been killing me that it just sits in my closet, gathering dust.
That’s all right. I can barely hear you over my theremin. (Leonard pulls out plug) Well, that was a little uncalled for.
So, your project is more important than mine?
Don’t beat around the bush, Leonard. If you don’t want me here, just say the word, and I’ll leave.
Could have beaten around the bush a little.
Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen, nobody knows my sorrow-ow-ow-ow.
I’m practicing my theremin.
Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen. Glory, hallelujah.
Leonard kicked me out of my own apartment. And his app team.
He wouldn’t drive me to work today. I had to wear my bus pants.
Yes. And they’re still sticky.
Probably going to have to throw them away.
With you?
Is it better than your idea to move to Los Angeles and become a famous actress?
That’s your app idea?
I didn’t say that. But no, I don’t.
Oh, Penny, where do I begin? The simple-mindedness of your idea is exceeded only by its crass consumerism and banality.
I know, it’s baffling. (Singing) Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen.
Do you make it with milk or water?
Real cocoa?
Do you have those little marshmallows?
Well, I suppose it’s appropriate.
A disappointing drink for a disappointing day.
Really? Leonard wants me back?
Well, we sure saw that coming.
You know what I’m going to do? I am going to sit here and just let them stew.
How?
Oh, no. Mrs. Mary Cooper didn’t raise her no liars.
No.
I was being sarcastic.
Of course. He will hear it as an attempt to mend fences, as opposed to the withering condemnation you and I will know it to be.
Oh, by the way, thank you for the delicious cocoa.
Boy, I’m getting good at this.
Before you begin, let me say again how deeply sorry I am for my earlier behaviour and how much I respect and admire your leadership.
Well, I must say, I am impressed.
You all have clearly put in a lot of hard work.
As a result, you have taken the most important step on the road to success, learning what not to do. Now, let’s start fresh. Howard, we’re going to need some tea.
Bored.
Algorithm. You see, Penny, Alan Turing defined an algorithm…
Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen, nobody knows my sorrow…
