The capybara is the largest member of the rodent family.
Nothing. It was a desperate attempt to introduce an alternate topic of conversation.
Excuse me. If we’re changing topics, I believe I have first dibs with capybara, a rodent the size of a baby hippo.
You know, I try very hard to make our lunch hours educational and informative, but your insistence on talking about your own lives stymies me at every turn.
No, you squandered your time with me, and the moment has now passed. Feast on your disappointment, much as the capybara feasts on its own waste.
Not particularly.
I suppose I could if I were asked.
Of course. Why do you have to make things so complicated?
Yes.
You say you’re Special Agent Page, FBI.
And here is my Justice League membership card. But that doesn’t prove I know Batman.
Oh. All right. I doubt anyone would risk the stiff penalties for impersonating a federal officer just to ask questions about a minor league engineer with an unresolved Oedipal complex.
For the record, I truly support the FBI in the mission which is expressed through their motto?
Correct. Now to business. 18 years ago, I sent the FBI Crime Lab samples from a bag of excrement that had been lit on fire on my front porch for fingerprinting and DNA analysis. Why haven’t I heard back yet?
That’s of little comfort to a nation attempting to scrape burning feces off its shoes.
A little, but go on.
I’m going to answer that with a visual aid. This is my nine-disc complete Lord of the Rings trilogy blu-ray set.  Mr. Wolowitz borrowed it, damaged plastic retention hub number three, and then returned it to me, hoping I wouldn’t notice. Would you characterize that as responsible?
You heard me say blu-ray, right?
Very well. Would you be interested in knowing that Mr. Wolowitz once snuck onto my World of Warcraft account and changed the name of a certain level-80 warlock from Sheldor to Smeldor?
Is there anything else? Where would you like to start? He refuses to pay fines when he’s overdue with books I lend him. He crashed the Mars Rover while attempting to impress a woman. He recommended that I go see the third Matrix movie because it was, and I quote, just as good as the first one. If that’s not irresponsible, I don’t know what is.
Did I say Mars Rover?
That was actually a poorly chosen example, as it had nothing to do with me.
I don’t want to. Not that my disinclination to discuss the topic should be interpreted as evidence of Howard Wolowitz’s culpability in the destruction of government property worth millions of dollars.
Oh, good. I was afraid you were going to fixate on that Mars Rover incident.
Well, your expectations have been subverted. Aha.
Sleep eludes me, Leonard.
Mockery? That’s all you have to offer?
Who knows? I haven’t watched any scary movies recently. I’m no longer obsessing over why the predicted mass of the quantum vacuum has little effect on the expansion of the universe. And it’s been weeks since I took that accidental sip of Red Bull.
Well, I did mention the Mars Rover incident to that FBI agent and probably cost Howard his security clearance.
But why should that keep me up?
Interesting. So you’re saying my insomnia is caused by a guilty conscience.
Excuse me?
Do you have any evidence to support that hypothesis?
That seems fairly conclusive. (In his bed) No, Gorn, no. That’s where I sit.
Thank you for agreeing to see me, Agent Page.
Yes.
No.
I’m sorry. I don’t recall you saying no backsies.
Yes. I’d like to offer a laudatory statement about Howard’s many excellent qualities that I believe will tip the scales back in his favour. Howard Joel Wolowitz. H is for honesty, of which he has much. O’s for outstanding, which he is such. W’s for witty, he’s quick with a joke. A’s for artistic, his ability…
But I still have rd Joel Wolowitz left to go.
I don’t understand why you people are picking on my friend, Howard, when there are much more serious security threats to pursue. For instance, when I first met Leonard, he was on the verge of giving away rocket secrets to a North Korean spy, and not one agent ever investigated that.
No, it’s a different Leonard. He’s Chinese, red hair, six fingers. Good-bye.
Raj. Have you seen Howard?
I’m quite familiar with Dr. Tyson. He’s responsible for the demotion of Pluto from planetary status. I liked Pluto. Ergo I do not like you.
If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we’d all have a merry Christmas. Think about that, Dr. Tyson.
Howard. The person at fault for you not getting a security clearance is me.
Yes, but before you get upset, I want you to know I went to the FBI and retracted my statement.
No. If anything, I made it worse. In any case, I have been riddled with guilt, which is causing Gorn-infested REM sleep. So, I’m here now to say I’m sorry.
Yes. I followed the social protocol. I attempted to right the wrong, and when I failed to do so I delivered a heartfelt apology. Now you say apology accepted, and I will offer you a one-time-only high five.
You’re tricking me. It really is, isn’t it?
Oh, shut up.
Hello.
I have troubles, Penny. I’ve come to pour them out to the sympathetic ear of the local barkeep.
I don’t like the Olive Garden. They treat me like family.
Alcohol.
Ethyl alcohol. 40 millilitres.
Ah. Blame President James “Jimmy” Carter. He started America on a path to the metric system but then just gave up. He wonders why he was a one-term president.
More or less.
I believe you were about to ask me to choose a cocktail. Fortunately, thanks to computer-savvy alcoholics, there’s an app for that. Let’s see. Harvey Wallbanger. Eh. Sex on the Beach. I hardly think so. Rob Roy, Silk Slipper, Mad Hatter. Ooh! I’ll have a Rosewater Ricky.
You’ll need pitted, brandied cherries, gin, rosewater, angostura bitters and overproofed rum. Now, first, dust the cherries with sugar, then spray them with a mixture of rum and bitters. Then ignite the rum, caramel…
That’s not how it looks in the picture.
All right. To the metric system. (Knocks back drink. Spits it all back into glass.) I can’t taste the cherries.
I wronged Howard, and he won’t accept my apology.
Penny, you face failure on a daily basis. How do you cope?
To drinking. (Knocks back drink and spits it out again.) Nope. Oh, if only there were some way to force Howard to accept my apology so I could escape this miasma of guilt.
I see. You’re saying I’m facing Starfleet Academy’s unwinnable command scenario, the Kobayashi Maru.
Captain Kirk won.
Impressive that you know that. It’s hard to believe I’m actually having this conversation with you.
Kirk beat the Kobayashi Maru by reprogramming the simulator. That’s it.
I’ll reprogram Howard.
No, you can’t reprogram people. To James Tiberius Kirk. (Drinks. Leaves. Comes back and spits it out again.)
Hello, all.
Howard, you’re feeling better about me today, aren’t you?
Yes, you are. I’m using neurolinguistic programming to modify your thought patterns.
There’s a nine ninety five e-book down the drain.
It’s for Howard.
Nevertheless, I’ve hurt you, and whether you forgive me or not, I want you to have this.
No. The cushion is merely symbolic. I’m giving you my spot on the couch.
No. I love my mother. My feelings for my spot are much greater. It is the singular location in space around which revolves my entire universe. And now it’s yours.
High five. Not too hard. Thank you.
I changed my mind. Get out of my spot.
