All right, I’m ready for my next question.
Uganda.
Kenya rises to power on the export of rhinoceroses. A Central African power block is formed, colonizing North Africa and Europe. When war breaks out, no one can afford the luxury of a rhino. Kenya withers, Uganda triumphs.
In a world where a piano is a weapon, not a musical instrument, on what does Scott Joplin play The Maple Leaf Rag?
Defend.
You’re right. My apologies.
It’s a game we invented. It’s called Counterfactuals.
It’s fun for ages eight to eighty. Join us.
You’re in luck, this is an easy one. In a world where mankind is ruled by a giant intelligent beaver, what food is no longer consumed?
Leonard, be serious. We’re playing a game here.
Incorrect. Obviously, the answer is cheese Danish.
Oh, yes. You should’ve been here for the great Jenga tantrum of 2008.
Greetings. You all remember Amy Farrah Fowler.
Sorry we’re late.
I believe she’s experiencing her menses.
A juvenile amalgamation of our names. Sheldon and Amy,  Shamy.
I should’ve warned you, one has to navigate a labyrinth of social nonsense before one can be fed here.
It’s how they lure you in. I believe it’s called bait and switch.
They can’t function without me. I’m the social glue that holds this little group together. You’re welcome.
She’s not my girlfriend. She’s a girl and she’s my friend, but there’s no touching or unsanitary exchange of saliva.
Although, for the record, on one occasion, she licked her thumb to remove raspberry jelly from the corner of my mouth. It’s an action we both regret to this day.
Oh, I never identified with the rebel alliance. Despite their tendency to build Death Stars, I’ve always been more of an empire man.
I know what your point is. You’re intimidated by Amy’s intellect. To that I say, buck up.
So?
Are you suggesting I terminate my relationship with Amy?
May I point out that for eight long months, I suffered in silence as your female companion filled our apartment with her off-key country music caterwauling, the unappetizing spectacle of her grinding a pumice stone against her calloused feet in our living room, and night after night of uninformative TV documentaries about the Jersey Shore.
Yes. And I’d thank you to do the same.
Greetings.
I brought Amy here to show her some of the work I’m doing.
Do I detect a hint of condescension?
Are you suggesting the work of a neurobiologist like Babinski could ever rise to the significance of a physicist like Clarke-Maxwell or Dirac?
You take that back.
Excuse me, but a grand unified theory, insofar as it explains everything, will ipso facto explain neurobiology.
That’s the rankest psychologism, and was conclusively revealed as hogwash by Gottlob Frege in the 1890s!
I agree. I move our relationship terminate immediately.
There being no objections…
The motion carries. Good day, Amy Farrah Fowler.
Amen to that.
Hello.
A breakup would imply she was my girlfriend. She was a girl who was my friend who is now a girl who is not my friend.
Regarding what?
I don’t follow.
Penny, I assure you, I’m fine. My relationship with Amy was purely intellectual. There were no emotional bonds, the severing of which would cause me any discomfort. The relationship simply outlived its utility, and I’m continuing on with my life as before.
Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to buy a pussycat.
Oh, gentlemen.
My apologies. Raj, Howard, I’d like you to meet Dr. Robert Oppenheimer.
Now, if you’ll excuse me, the father of the atomic bomb wants a saucer of milk.
Robert Oppenheimer was lonely.
Yes. This is Enrico Fermi, Richard Feynman, Edward Teller, Otto Frisch, and Zazzles.
I was going to name him Herman von Helmholtz, but he’s so zazzy.
About what?
Clowder.
A group of cats is a clowder. Or a glaring.
It’s the kind of thing you ought to know now that we have one.
It wasn’t a breakup. A breakup would imply that Amy was my girlfriend.
You didn’t break up, she dumped you.
I was there. She dumped you.
You don’t have to sell me on cats, Leonard. I’m already a fan. All right, fellas, who’s in the mood for Fancy Feast? Well, that’s not fancy at all.
Come in. (They enter. The room is full of cats.)
Mom, what an unexpected pleasure.
I’d like you to meet Oppenheimer, Frisch, Panofsky, Feynman, Weisskopf…
What are you doing here?
Oh, that’s preposterous. I’m not pining over anyone.
I do not agree. Cats make wonderful companions. They don’t argue or question my intellectual authority, and this little guy here, I think you’ll find to be quite zazzy.
Coming!
Aw.(Enters to find Amy) What is she doing here?
Well, rest assured, I am in full possession of my faculties.
All right, but you’re not fooling me. Whenever you say we have to talk, it means you want me to listen.
Yes, ma’am.
That’s a peculiar conclusion. By any standard, Amy is more similar to me than anyone I’ve ever met.
Well, whether you see it or not is irrelevant. I can’t see subatomic particles, but nevertheless, they’re there.
A physics point.
Amy, after consideration, I believe we may have acted rashly. I propose we resume our relationship and attempt to resolve our differences.
I’ll go as high as 40.
Done. You understand that moving forward, we deal with the fact that my mother does not approve of you?
Would you like to see my cats?
Ah, then you may find Zazzles a little cloying.
Thank you, Amy. Here’s your cat. And here’s your $20.
Thank you, Amy. Here’s your cat. And here’s your $20.
