Clarify something for me. Isn’t the point of a communal meal the exchange of ideas and opinions? An opportunity to consider important issues of the day?
Well, we could argue about who said what all night long, but to set things back on course, I will propose a new topic of conversation.
What is the best number? By the way, there’s only one correct answer.
Wrong. The best number is 73. You’re probably wondering why.
73 is the 21st prime number. Its mirror, 37, is the 12th, and its mirror, 21, is the product of multiplying, hang on to your hats, seven and three. Eh? Eh? Did I lie?
Chuck Norris wishes. In binary, 73 is a palindrome, one-zero-zero-one-zero-zero-one which backwards is one-zero-zero-one-zero-zero-one, exactly the same. All Chuck Norris backwards gets you is Sirron Kcuhc.
Aren’t you slicing that man’s brain a little too thin?
Well, you’re the expert. If the correct way to do it is the wrong way, then I yield.
Thank you.
Are you monitoring your circadian rhythms in order to identify your periods of maximum mental acuity? I did that one summer. Ah, youth.
I’d be happy to create a chart and participate in a differential diagnosis.
All right. What were the symptoms?
Localized to what region?
Interesting. Not body parts that usually team up. What about environmental factors? Describe the scene for me.
Who?
Then why did you ask?
Who.
All right, let’s start over. What did you say when Zack walked in?
Zack.
Because you keep saying who.
And the answer was Zack, correct?
All right, I think I have enough to go on. Possible explanations for your symptoms are, in descending order of likelihood, hyperthyroidism, premature menopause, hosting an alien parasite or, and I only include it for the sake of covering absolutely all bases, sexual arousal.
How about your follicle-stimulating hormone levels?
Are you sure? You said that with the testy bark of an old biddy.
Hang on. I don’t know that we’ve given the alien parasite hypothesis a fair shake.
A cross we all must bear. You know, in difficult moments like this, I often turn to a force greater than myself.
The Motion Picture?
Don’t. It’s terrible. However, in it, we learn that when Spock finds himself drawn off the path of logic by feelings bubbling up from his human half, he suppresses them using the Vulcan mental discipline of Kolinar.
Cheap science fiction?
Using Kolinar to suppress my anger at that last comment.
I hadn’t considered that. Give me a moment. All right, I’ve considered it.
I reject it.
I think I’ll eat my lunch at home.
Oh. As they were incorrectly sliced, you can see how I could mistake them for my sashimi.
Hello.
The supermarket was out of my regular fabric softener. If this one under or over-softens, I’ll need time to make things right.
The alternative would be to think backwards. And that’s just remembering.
Amy’s changed. I might have to let her go.
I thought she was a highly evolved creature of pure intellect, like me. But recent events indicate that she may be a slave to her baser urges. Like you.
What insult?
Forget science. She’s horny.
It’s simple biology. There’s nothing I can do about it.
What are you suggesting?
It’s illegal to spay a human being.
Oh. Oh! You mean something I could do.
Well, I was hoping to avoid this. But I might as well get it over with. Thank you, Penny. I’ll let you know what happens.
Yes. This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Is this the Zack Johnson who used to have coitus with my neighbour Penny? Sorry to bother you. Hello. I’m looking for a Zack Johnson who used to have coitus with my neighbour Penny. Coitus. It means intercourse. And I have a feeling I’m speaking to the right Zack. This is Sheldon Cooper. Fine. Shelly. Yes, that does sound like a girl’s name. No, it doesn’t bother me. Yes, Smelly Shelly does bother me. Let me tell you why I’m calling. I’d like to know if you’d be interested in having sex with Amy Farrah Fowler. Amy Farrah Fowler. Yes, that is a girl’s name. Good grief. It’s like trying to talk to a dolphin.
Look at this stamp. On what authority are they permitted to mutilate patrons as they enter?
Little comfort tonight. I look like a Hell’s Angel.
Are you sure this is what you want to do?
Go, Amy Farrah Fowler. Follow your endocrine system.
Please don’t drag this out. This is never going to come off.
I’m glad you decided to reject your animal hindbrain and return to the realm of pure intellect.
What are you doing?
