Buona sera, Luigi’s Pizza. Buona sera. It means good evening in Italian. May I say, having to explain that to you calls into question the authenticity of your ristorante?
Un momento. Oh, for heaven’s sake, now you’re being deliberately stupid. (to Leonard) Where are you going?
But tonight’s Thursday. On Thursdays, everybody comes over here and has pizza. Or a reasonable facsimile prepared by someone claiming to be Luigi, but who sounds suspiciously like Jackie Chan.
We could. We could also stop using the letter M, but I think that idea is isguided and oronic.
Well, I don’t want to go to a party.
I’m sorry, but five people eating and chatting is a party.
Because we don’t throw parties.
Well, no, sir, and do you know why? In a word, tradition. Every Thursday night for the last eight years, you and I and our friends have gathered here in this very spot to break bread covered with cheese and sauce, discuss the issues of the day, and yes, share a laugh or two. But I guess our rich heritage means nothing to you.
Wait! Leonard! Wait! What am I going to do for dinner?
I can’t do that. What if he serves haggis and blood pudding?
But what if he does? I’ll be obliged to dine on liver and lungs stuffed in a sheep’s stomach. And frankly, blood pudding is essentially the same thing. I don’t know why he’s serving both.
No, I’ll go to your haggis party. But I’m telling you, this is adness. This is utter and coplete adness.
Oh, dear!
Raj’s television. I just realized we’re about to spend an evening watching a plasma screen with a cluster of dead pixels in the upper left-hand corner.
And be a social pariah? Oh, you know that’s not my style.
The audible sigh is a show of exasperation, right?
Is it about me or the dead pixels?
Oh, Indians making Tex-Mex. Might as well have had the Chinese pizza.
Excuse me. Before this evening goes any further, we need to decide where everyone is going to sit.
Oh, what fun. We’re like hippies at a love-in.
Yeah, right on, man. Right on. Oh, look, it’s Harry Potter and 98% of The Sorcerer’s Stone.
Wonderful. Dinner, some assembly required.
A margarita? Where are we? What is happening?
Water. Neat. With a little umbrella.
Sadly, Penny, this evening, I am the Dark Knight, roaming these mean streets alone. A windbreaker for my cape, and a stern expression for my cowl.
Excuse me? Isn’t this the point where the world-weary barkeep absentmindedly wipes down the bar and coaxes the woes out of the troubled patron?
I don’t think your heart’s in it, but since you asked. Apparently, because Leonard is dating Raj’s sister, we’re all forced to hang out at his apartment.
Indeed. Yeah, at one point, Raj put on reggae music, and his sister took off her shoes. It was like the last days of Caligula. (Phone rings) Oh, I have to get this. Umbrella?
Wonder what she’s exasperated about. Hello?
Yes, I was in a taxi, but the driver didn’t look at all like the photograph on his license, so I leapt out and ran for it.
Don’t worry. My problems can wait while you two hens finish your clucking.
Cluck-cluck-cluck.
Leonard the nucleus? That makes no sense. I’m the whimsical elf that everyone looks to for a good time.
I’m setting out snacks.
I didn’t say the snacks were for you now, did I, Nosy Rosie?
Yes. Must be killing you wondering who. Fine, I’ll tell you. Stuart from the comic bookstore, Barry Kripke from the university, Penny’s ex-boyfriend Zack and TV’s LeVar Burton.
Possibly. I Tweeted him.
Please, Leonard, stop trying to horn in on my new friends.
Leonard.
We had a good run, you and I.
But change is a part of life.
Okay. I have guests coming. I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave now.
Don’t make this harder than it is, Leonard.
And good-bye to you, sir. He’ll be back.
Well, it would appear LeVar Burton won’t be joining us so let’s get started. Um, I thought we’d begin by going around the room, introducing ourselves and saying a little bit about why we’re here. Okay. I’m Sheldon. Uh, for regular readers of The New England Journal of High Energy Physics, I need no introduction. If you’re not familiar with that publication, there’s a free copy in your goody bag. Stuart?
That’s very nice, Stuart. Zack?
Of course. Barry?
Patience, patience, Barry. The whaffle… the raffle is the grand finale to an evening-long festival of fun and folly.
Yes, you must be present to win.
Question. Was it a Jacuzzi or a hot tub?
Jacuzzi is a commercial brand. Hot tub is the generic term, i.e., all Jacuzzis are hot tubs, but not all hot tubs are Jacuzzis.
Surprisingly, yes.
The water level rose.
Of course it did. It’s said that Archimedes, the ancient Greek mathematician, discovered the principle of displacement while taking a bath.
Forgive me, but I think you’ll find my story is more interesting.
Better. It has a gold crown. You see, the king wondered how much gold was in it and charged Archimedes with coming up with the solution. Because the crown was irregularly shaped, there was no way to mathematically determine its volume. But, while bathing, Archimedes realized he could immerse the crown and measure the amount the water rose.
When he finished, he shouted Eureka!
All right, that concludes the getting to know you portion of the evening. Who’s ready to play some vintage video games? And tonight’s selections include ColecoVision’s Smurf Rescue in Gargamel’s Castle, Atari’s Cookie Monster Munch, and for you text adventure aficionados, Zork. Pick me, pick me. I’m fun.
I’m unhappy.
No.
(Knock, knock, knock) All my friends. (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends. (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends.
Thank you.
I had to leave. They were having fun wrong.
Thank you.
Are there beans in it?
Then it’s not chili. Real chili has no beans in it, but you’re from a foreign land, so your ignorance is forgiven.
Yes, please. Your girlfriend’s a little short-tempered.
Priya, do you know why this is called a toast?
She’s also a bit of a know-it-all. Mmm. This is good. Whatever it is.
