That’s the work of noted Hollywood costume designer Deborah Nadoolman. She also designed the iconic red and black jacket in Michael Jackson’s Thriller video, which I’ve never viewed in its entirety, as I find zombies dancing in choreographed synchronicity implausible. And also, it’s really scary.
There’s no switch. Just listen and learn.
Because the print they’re showing on Friday has an additional 21 seconds of previously unseen footage.
Did Leonard? I’m no expert, but I believe what we just heard from Penny was sarcasm. (She indicates it was) Oh, good. I’m eight for 26 this month.
May I point out to you all that the screening is first come, first served?
Another way of saying that is the movie starts at midnight, and it’s already five o’clock. Let’s go.
See? Howard’s on my side.
Drat. Now I’m 8 for 27.
Nemesis?
But how were our seats?
I rest my case. Amy, don’t you agree we should leave now and get in line?
Shrewd.
Wait, now, we don’t know that yet. He isn’t finished. I have a girlfriend and you don’t who?
Knock-knock.
Hugh.
Hugh people need to listen to me. It’s time to get in line for the movie. And that’s how you tell a knock-knock joke.
Under normal circumstances I’d say, I told you so. But as I have told you so with such vehemence and frequency already, the phrase has lost all meaning. Therefore, I will be replacing it with the phrase I informed you thusly.
I informed you thusly.
This is where we could have been if we hadn’t stopped for dinner. This is where we could have been if Koothrappali hadn’t ordered dessert.
And here’s where we are. The runts in a large litter, unlikely to ever reach the nourishing teats of Indiana Jones.
What did he say?
We might not get seats?
Oh, I informed you thusly. I so informed you thusly.
Well, if it isn’t Wil Wheaton, the Jar Jar Binks of the Star Trek universe.
Well, you-sa can go think that at the back of the line. No cuts, no buts, no coconuts.
Of what? Poorly executed beards?
This is Indiana Jones, not Star Trek. There should be no value to his pseudo-celebrity here. And even at Star Trek conventions, they only let him in if he helps set up.
I will not calm down. This affront to justice and decency cannot go unanswered. As Captain Jean-Luc Picard once said, the line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!
Listen to what Mr. Wil Wheaton is tweeting. Best seats in house for Raiders screening. Suck on that, Sheldon Cooper.
I believe in knowing my enemy, Leonard. Had Twitter existed at the time, would not General Custer have followed the tweets of Sitting Bull? Would not Lee have followed Grant? Would not Spy have followed Spy? I have more examples, but excuse me. (On phone) Hello. Well, this seems like an odd time to test my cell phone quality, but go on. Test phrases? All right. Imatote. Ulbu. Twad. All together? I’m a total buttwad. Why are you laughing? Hello?
Munching on complimentary popcorn. Woot, woot. Oh, the gall. I hope his next tweet is popcorn lodged in trachea, choking to death, woot, woot.
No!
This is nothing but a blatant abuse of power by a petty functionary. Explain to me why Wil Wheaton and his lackeys get in and we don’t.
You know what? I’m going back to I told you so. I told you so.
Look, a side door. Come on, Short Round.
You whistled?
Raiders of the Lost Ark, with 21 additional seconds. If I can’t see it, no one else can see it.
No. Crazy was leaving the projection booth unattended.
Trouble is my middle name, Leonard. Actually, it’s Lee, but I prefer Trouble.
Don’t worry, Wil Wheaton. I was just leaving.  Da-da-da-da, da-da-da!
Da-da-da-da, da-da-da!
Why is there never a pontoon plane when you need one?
