Not so fast. Infinite Sheldon.
Yes, Infinite Sheldon defeats all other cards and does not violate the rule against homemade cards because I made it at work.
No, although it’s a question I’ve been pondering since preschool.
Was the starfish wearing boxer shorts? Because you might have been watching Nickelodeon.
Oh, that’s easy enough. We’d need a large tank of water, a hoop to jump through, and a bucket of whatever bite-sized treats you find tasty.
That’s not correct. We were implying it. You then inferred it.
Zack, I’m sorry you’re stupid. Have a Milk Dud.
Yeah, Milk Duds, with their self-deprecating name and remarkably mild flavour, are the most apologetic of the boxed candies.
You’re embarrassing yourself.
Penny.
That’s very hurtful.
Milk Dud?
Junior Mints.
Literally? Literally a million years?
In the bedrooms of ten-year-old girls, where they belong.
Of course. We’re coming as the Justice League of America.
To that point, it occurs to me that we might have an opportunity to finally snare Best Group Costume if we shore up our weak link, which is clearly Leonard as Superman.
That’s sad. Let’s ask ourselves, is there anyone we know who would make a more manly and convincing son of Krypton?
I was thinking specifically of the gentleman over there moving his lips as he enjoys the latest exploits of Betty and Veronica.
Why not? Penny did it.
Congratulations. Zack, how would you like to be Superman?
Excuse me, I believe Aquaman uses his telepathic powers to request the fish do their business elsewhere.
Complete with bulletproof bracelets and lasso of truth. Invisible plane sold separately.
Amy Farrah Fowler doesn’t believe in wearing costumes. She isn’t the free spirit I am.
We’re going to be late. I’m pacing nervously.
This is how the Flash paces.
I’m not Sheldon. I’m the Flash. And now I’m going to the Grand Canyon to scream in frustration. I’m back.
Oh, I hardly think so. The real caped crusader calls his crime-fighting cohorts when he’s running late.
I’m sorry. But in what universe is Wonder Woman blonde?
Don’t. He’s making our case.
 (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny.
I’m the Flash. I just knocked 30,000 times.
I understand why you’re upset.
Yes. You’re afraid that costume makes you look fat.
Don’t worry. Wonder Woman was an Amazon. And Amazons tend to be very beefy gals.
But they’re not blonde, so put on your wig. Hello?
I may have failed.
Obviously, we’re no longer a Justice League. We have no choice but to switch to our Muppet Baby costumes.
I’m Kermit. You’re Scooter.
Yes. And make her wear the black wig. Good luck.
Oh.
What’s the bad news?
Thank you! Thank you so much!
No, wait! I have a speech.
Stop counting!
This is my moment, dag nab it!
I’m not going to say another word until you people settle down. I’m waiting.
We’re the Justice League of America. There’s only one thing we can do. Turn around and slowly walk away.
Good Lord, how you frustrate me, Leonard Hofstadter! (Runs back) Fine.
