Boy, do I have to urinate.
Seriously. I feel like I’ve got a fish tank in my pelvis.
I can’t.
Because I’m trying to decide between getting an Xbox One or a PS4. Oh, pee, why’d I say that?
I’m not being stupid. I’m employing the work of Dutch researcher, Mirjam Tuk, who found that people with full bladders make better decisions.
Here come the waterworks.
So, first there was PlayStation, aka PS1, then PS2, PS3 and now PS4. And that makes sense. You’d think after Xbox, there’d be Xbox 2. But no, next came Xbox 360. Hmm? And now, after 360, comes Xbox One. Why one? Maybe that’s how many seconds of thought they put into naming it.
You know, however, with the Xbox One, I can control my entire entertainment system using voice commands. Up until now, I’ve had to use Leonard.
Get? Hang on. I don’t feel like you’re taking this dilemma seriously.
Okay, now, the PS4 is more angular and sleek-looking.
Yeah, well, it’s true. But the larger size of the Xbox One may keep it from overheating.
No, see? Well, you absolutely would not. And furthermore, the Xbox One now comes with a Kinect included.
Yes. Not sold separately. Although the PS4 uses cool new GDDR5 RAM, while the Xbox One is still using the conventional DDR3 memory.
See? That’s what I thought. But then they go and throw in an ESRAM buffer.
Xbox.
No, I am not. And this ESRAM buffer should totally bridge the 100-gigabit-per-second bandwidth gap between the two RAM types.
Sheldon You see? I don’t know. What should I do?
Thank you again for dinner.
Good night.
Oh, of course. (They kiss) Did I mention the PS4 controllers light up?
Well, they do.
Quick poll, PS4 or Xbox One? Raj?
Penny?
Leonard?
Wolowitz?
Bernadette?
Thanks, Grandma.
You know, I’m proud of me, too. I’ve done all my research, I conducted an informal poll, and I’ve arrived at the rock-solid certainty I’ve made the right choice.
Oh, it is. Although.
I had the same feeling when I made my dad buy a Betamax instead of a VHS.
Yeah, a little kid who picked the wrong format to record The MacNeil/Lehrer Report. Now I also was certain that HD DVD would win out over Blu-ray.
Old enough to know better. You know, and now that I think about it, I stood in front of a case of iPods and I bought a Zune.
Yeah, exactly. It’s an MP3 player brought to us by the makers of Xbox.
But what if I’m wrong?
You know I only have one slot available in my entertainment centre.
Well, yeah, okay, sure. But which one?
Interesting.
All right, I’ll try.
A quarter.
On the one hand, the Xbox One has a better camera, but the PS4 has a removable hard drive. Thoughts?
But I haven’t decided yet.
Okay.
I don’t know. Hey, look, a quarter.
