Leonard, I could use your assistance.
Well, now that I’ve given up string theory, I’m struggling to find my next area of focus. So, in your professional opinion, which of these areas do you think is the most promising?
That’s helpful. Okay. Of these four areas…
It is just so frustrating.
All right. I officially reinstate Anything Can Happen Thursday.
I don’t know. What do you want to do?
Hmm, what can we do that’s fun?
Oh, got it. We order a pizza.
You’re right. You’re right. Got it. We order calzones, cut them open, eat them like pizza. All right, all right, I’ll shake the brain bush one more time, see what falls out. Got it. There’s a live-action role-playing group that meets every Thursday night in Griffith Park and re-enacts battles from Lord of the Rings.
Any chance that restaurant is near Griffith Park?
All right.
Amy’s sick.
Well, she talks a lot. She always wants to hold hands.
Well, if you were referring to her illness your question should have been, what ails her?
Oh. Who knows?
So, we’re just randomly choosing a restaurant without researching it online?
Great. You know, this is how Anything Can Happen Thursday turns into It Won’t Stop Coming Up Friday.
Fusion and Asians? I’m trying not to think about science.
And Amy doesn’t look sick.
That’s a good question. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy and Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy and Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy and Bernadette. Why did you lie to us?
And Amy, you told me you were sick, but you look just as pale and tired as always.
Where are we going?
Okay. ‘Cause if I had to pick now, I’d probably go with dark matter because…
I don’t understand my food. Chinese noodles with Korean barbecue in a taco.
My mother would lock her car doors if she had to drive through this hodgepodge of ethnicity.
Not at all.
But to be fair, when you talk, most of what you say sounds like, wah, wah, wah, clothes, wah, wah, wah.
I am. So much so that I’m gonna bring her here for dinner on our next date night.
Penny, there’s only one cookie with something in the middle that solves life’s problems, and that’s an Oreo. Or a Nutter Butter, if you’re in a pinch.
This is Asian fusion. For all you know, there’s a tiny Chihuahua in here.
No, it’s not.
Turn to you for wisdom? Clearly, that cookie is mocking you. You’d never hear that kind of sass from a Nutter Butter.
Have you ever paid for a meal?
Your warm and fun-loving nature delights those around you.
You can’t be serious. If I wanted to waste my time on nonsense, I’d follow Leonard on Instagram.
Oh. That’s a lot of incense. Or someone set a hippie on fire.
I don’t mean to be rude or discourteous, but before we begin, I’d just like to say there is absolutely no scientific evidence to support clairvoyance of any kind. Which means, and again, no insult intended, that you’re a fraud, your profession is a swindle, and, uh, your livelihood is dependent on the gullibility of stupid people. Again, no offence.
Okay, I just did. What was it?
For your information, I was asking her about the next Star Trek movie.
That’s an easy guess. I’m clearly an annoying person and have problems with both genders.
The majority of people have dark hair. Even you, at one time.
Ha. The opposite. She’s a neurobiologist, and I’m a theoretical physicist. My spirit guides can go suck an egg.
You know what this is? Yeah, and I reserve this word for those rare instances when it’s truly deserved. This is malarkey.
Hello. I didn’t expect you this evening.
And how do you propose to do that? (Amy takes off coat and is dressed as a Catholic schoolgirl) Unless you have Gravity on Blu-ray under that skirt, I don’t know where you’re going with this.
