I don’t think thatqualifies as a mystery, we all knew what we were doing.
Thank you.
Come on.
That’s amusing, I was going to say that about M.I.T., but it works for Princeton, too.
I’m sorry. Are we really doing this or are we tricking Koothrappali again like with the dinner party?
Oh, everything I could possibly need to win the scavenger hunt.
Well, if he does, do you know how filthy those rental balls are? They might as well stand on the corner and give away free rectal exams.
He is a born showman.
No, Oh, it actually is if you get the joke. It’s based on the premise that Princeton isn’t a very good school.
Oh, see? Now he gets it.
Really? The only time I’m ever picked first for a team and I’m stuck with the liability?
Yes, and do you know what the odds are I’d pick your name?
It’s not hard, one in five. Now you know why I’m pouting.
What are you doing? You have to start with the edges.
Yeah, well, take them apart and start with the edges. And stop wasting time.
But we haven’t finished the puzzle.
You think you know the answer. But it could be a trick. What if when the puzzle’s complete, there’s a sign in the window that says go to the train store?
Well, I hope you’re wrong. I really want to go to the train store.
It’s the comic book store.
It is a marathon, not a sprint.
Not with a bowling ball on their back.
Got it.
I thought we were the Lightning Sharks.
The next clue must be hidden under one of these rocks.
Oh, simple, the ‘arrah, ‘arrah in the riddle mean Jan Arrah, a member of the Legion of Superheroes, known as Element Lad. And then the word He, it wasn’t the masculine pronoun, but rather H e, the abbreviation for helium. See where I’m going with this?
Nice try. Now, Element Lad’s ability is the power to transmute chemical elements. Helium has an atomic number of two. If you multiply that by the atomic number of N, nitrogen, you get 14, which is the atomic number of? I’m just funnin’ you, silicon. And that is the most common element in the Earth’s surface. So that narrowed it down to the geology lab or the chemistry lab.
And I’m sure your parents are proud. Now, finally, the line in this room the thing you’ll see was an obvious reference to Fantastic Four member The Thing, who’s made entirely of…
Those are map coordinates. Got ’em. Let’s go.
No one likes a know-it-all, Penny.
Okay, another 30 feet.
Yes. Yes. My brain is better than everybody’s.
To the planetarium.
It’s dirty laundry. You’re up.
Because you’ve been training for this your whole life. You live in a pile of dirty laundry.
I’m not a child. I know the word ninny.
Wait, it’s not all pants, there’s one shirt.
Hey, that’s my shirt.
No, no, that’s not mine. It has a big spot on it.
Oh, that’s clever.
Be there in a minute. I just have to pre-soak these.
Hey, look. I won.
