Leonard, where are the Skee-Ball tickets?
Yeah, from when we went to the arcade three years ago? I finally decided what prize I want. Hurry up.
None of your business. But when you see me wearing a flower in my lapel later, you are most welcome to sniff it.
Oh, thank you. Here, get yourself an eraser for your troubles.
I seem to be a few tickets short. Are there more in the box?
Well, you barely looked. Let me see.
Leonard, let me look in the box.
Why would I flip out? Is it a spider? It’s a spider.
That seems like a reasonable request. Although so did, hey, Leonard, would you mind returning that DVD?
Okay.
I believe you.
I said I would.
Okay, first, talking to you while you’re on the toilet isn’t exactly a picnic for me either, okay? Remember, when you can hear me, I can hear you. And second, you completely disregard how uncomfortable unresolved issues are for me. It’s, it’s like, a, an itch in my brain I can’t scratch.
You wouldn’t make jokes if you could feel the way I feel.
How about this? I promise I won’t pester you about the DVD. You can defecate in peace. That’s a win for both of us. But, until this matter is resolved, I would like you to wear this sweater. With nothing underneath it.
You say it’s itchy and uncomfortable. I say situations like this make me feel the same way.
Put it on. Let’s share the experience.
Oh, did I forget to tell you? That store went out of business years ago.
How those nipples feeling, chief?
Gentlemen, please. Leonard is trying to walk a mile in my metaphorical shoes. He can’t walk in my actual shoes. He has the feet of a toddler.
I’m thinking about how one could use the fact that a rapidly rotating mirror turns virtual photons into real ones as a method of observing dark energy.
Yeah. It’s great you’re here. I’d love to get an engineer’s opinion.
This chair is squeaky. Now, do I fix it or get a new one?
Hey, that next of kin thing sounds pretty good.
I don’t know why that surprises you. I’m a grown man. As should be evident by this sport coat and very real flower in my lapel.
The more interesting question you should be asking is, what does this flower smell like?
There’s nothing to tell. Maybe I purchased a book entitled Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff and I followed its wise suggestions, one of which was stop and smell the flowers.
Please. Ha-ha, Oh.
How is it I can conceptualize a methodology of examining dark matter in the universe but can’t figure out how to fix a novelty squirt flower?
There’s probably a deep reason. Which I’d be happy to discuss with you over some peanut brittle in a can.
Well, you seem hot under the collar, or is that the sweater?
Oh, not necessarily. I suggest you look for long-lost relatives either in Armenia or Lebanon.
You know, it might be fun. You love hummus.
Leonard, I have something to tell you, but I want you to promise not to flip out.
Seven years ago, I found out the DVD was late and I paid for it.
I was going to mention it at the time, but then I thought, some day, this might be a teachable moment.
I know. And it wasn’t easy. Do you have any idea what it’s like to wait for years and never know if you’re going to finally get satisfaction?
