Oh, I would, but I’m on my way out.
Texas.
Yes. My sister’s uterus came down with a baby.
No, I will be Uncle Dr. Cooper.
Well, I never told you about my brother’s kidney stone. You want to hear about everything that comes out of my family’s genitals?
Yes. I’m filling in for her husband who’s recovering from a horrible motorcycle accident. Lucky duck.
Well, she’s due tomorrow. Although it did take her six years to finish high school, so who knows?
Oh, no, thank you, I don’t want to be an inconvenience. Chop-chop, Leonard. We leave in ten minutes.
The second I go out of town you throw a Christmas party without me?
That’s so thoughtful. You guys are the best.
<i>She went into labor an hour ago.
No, she chose to have a home birth because she wants to live in the Stone Age and a cave wasn’t available.
And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip ‘n Slide.
Oh, boy. I picked the wrong day to wear my good robot T-shirt.
No, it’s not. I’ve seen things. Lady things.
Doesn’t matter. This is no way to make new humans. People coming out of people. It’s some kind of dirty magic show.
Did you hear that? A mop. I have two PhDs yet somehow I’m the janitor of my sister’s birth canal.
Hello.
Of course I’m doing laundry. Saturday night is laundry night, and I’m in a laundry room, so, I believe your inference is justified.
A tad asymmetrical, but nothing to be concerned about.
To what?
I’m not taking you anywhere till you put on a shirt.
Penny, for the thousandth time, I’m saving myself for someone special. Perhaps a cute bespectacled neuroscientist with hair the color of mud.
Actually, much better.
I don’t know. I just got back.
My mother asked me to get some towels. I took advantage of the vague request and went to Bed, Bath & Beyond. (Scream from other room) Excuse me, I’m on the phone. So rude.
That’s it. The baby’s here. It’s a boy.
Oh, thank you. I wasn’t sure I was gonna to make it. But my mother gave me some ice chips, my sister told me to breathe, and I just thought to myself, Sheldon, if you can make it through the Green Lantern movie, you can make it through this.
Oh no, no, I’m not going back in there. That baby is so irritating. He has literally been crying his entire life.
Why?
Ugh, all right, I’ll go. But from what I’ve seen, his attention span is as limited as his bladder control.
You okay?
Me, too. I got a lot of TV to catch up on.
To quote Han Solo, I know.
I would’ve preferred to have you there with me.
Or instead of me.
I did.
Looking into the blank, innocent eyes of a creature that couldn’t begin to comprehend anything I was saying? Basically just another day at the office.
