We can, but thanks to Steve Jobs, we don’t have to.
Yay, Penny.
Why is that funny? That’s just unhygienic.
I don’t think so. I believe that a joke is a brief oral narrative with a climactic humorous twist. For example, uh, Wolowitz’s mother is so fat that she decided to go on a diet, or exercise, or both. See? The twist is that people don’t usually change. Well, they don’t.
Wait, if Howard’s mother is coming, then you should also steal marbles. Because she’s obese, and hippos are obese, and in the popular board game Hungry Hungry Hippos, they eat marbles. Maybe I need to dumb these down for you.
Leonard, do you think I’m funny?
I think I’m hysterical.
The philosopher Henri Bergson says it’s funny when a human being behaves like an object.
Oh, he didn’t perform stand-up comedy, he was a philosopher.
Perhaps I’ll spend some time developing a unified theory of comedy, which will allow me to elicit laughter from anyone at any time. Unless they’re German, ’cause that’s a tough crowd.
I don’t get it.
I don’t know about you, but I’m very uncomfortable with all this.
I’ve never seen this show before and now I’m starting with episode 246? It’s unnatural.
All right.
Well, don’t ask me. Until I see the prequel, I’m lost.
I’ve been studying how to make people laugh. They say that comedy is tragedy plus time. Let’s tickle some ribs.
This is interesting. Apparently, a key component in some forms of humour is the element of surprise.
BRAIN LESIONS!
Or maybe you have a stick up your prefrontal cortex.
Excellent.
Kumquat?
Ointment?
Now, would you say ointment is more, equal to, or less funny than kumquat?
Will you please stop joking around? I’m trying to figure this out.
All of them.
Who’s in the mood to laugh?
But I used science to construct the perfect joke.
So, a sandwich, a rabbi and yo mama walk into a bar. Where are you going?
Should I follow you?
Leonard, wait.
I forgot to tell you the sandwich is promiscuous.
Can’t sleep?
Would you like to talk about it?
Why not?
Does that mean the relationship is over?
Why don’t you ask her?
Well, I’m sorry.
No. You’re my friend, and, I’m sorry.
No. That wouldn’t be funny at all.
