How about Penny’s depressing acting career?
She does. 42 minutes in.
I have an eidetic memory. I don’t know what his problem is.
Am I missing something, or isn’t that the part she was born to play?
Are you sure? We were making fun of failed careers. We didn’t get to tap the juicy vein that is Howard’s.
Yes, and Hawkeye’s in the Avengers, but no one ever says help, Hawkeye.
Well, with that sorted out, I’m happy to answer your question, Bernadette. Howard started it.
I wasn’t referring to this evening. Ten years ago, upon first seeing me, your husband claimed that I looked like C-3PO and Pee-wee Herman. And he called me C-3P-wee Herman.
Nine years, 11 months and three weeks ago, he followed that up by replacing the slides for my lecture with photographs of nude fat women bending over.
In any event, that began a decade-long progression of insults, pranks and unwanted magazine subscriptions. To this day, I still get a monthly copy of Granny on Granny. Which, other than its surprisingly fun puzzle page, is complete filth.
Hello.
Really? I was thinking what we have now is a bit much.
Very well. How do you propose we move forward?
That’s a great idea. And in the spirit of our new arrangement, I will mask my surprise that you came up with it.
I have one question. Is this a prank where we land in Houston and you’ve made up wanted posters that have my face with a moustache and a Spanish name and then I get arrested and deported to South America?
I’m glad because I would not have seen that coming.
Thanks again for taking me to the pharmacy.
Oh, I’m fine. It’s just some, uh, stomach medication for my trip. There’s the remote yet distinct possibility that I may end up in South America.
Remember the old days when I used to point out that your check engine light was on?
Well, get ready to stroll down memory lane. Penny, your check engine…
Maybe it’s just something minor. Ooh, good news, the light just went out.
Oh, in that case, I’d like to be partnered with my good friend Howard.
Leonard, would you wrap it up? We’re waiting on you.
It is. You were wrong, friend Howard. She completely understood.
Hello.
Oh, very much so.
Oh, who’s the real astronaut?
Oh. Yay.
(Tap, tap, tap) Howard? (Tap, tap, tap) Howard? (Tap, tap, tap) Howard?
I have to go to the bathroom.
But I didn’t use it because it didn’t seem safe. Despite all my e-mails, the toilet didn’t have a seatbelt.
I realize that, but safety concerns went out the window two apple juices ago.
Why are you getting annoyed?
Like when?
Well, truth be told, as a child, I did dream of going to space. Those astronauts were my heroes. And when you got to go, it was hard for me.
Because it made me realize they’ll just send anyone up there. Aren’t you going to let me out?
But I still need to use the bathroom.
No, turbulence is just the equalization of diurnal temperature variations in the atmosphere. I’m not scared at all. Oh, apple juice, stay where you are.
I take it back. I’m scared of turbulence!
I’m sorry for every mean thing I ever did or said to you.
If you weren’t my friend, there’d be a hole in my life.
Kind of like when Firefly was cancelled. But not as big.
Yeah.
In a minute.
