Yeah,uh, look, it is scientifically impossible for a person to tip a cow. Even you, with your stocky build and lumberjack shoulders, you couldn’t do it.
Mmm. You know, I’ve been told that a bald refusal of an invitation is rude and one must instead offer up a polite excuse, so I’d love to go, but, unfortunately, that sounds awful.
Oh, since you put it that way, I’d love to go, but that sounds even more awful.
Uh, excuse me, but every year you prepare a terrible meal and every year I criticize it. Do our traditions mean nothing to you?
Ugh, fine, I’ll go. But if her food is delicious, Thanksgiving is ruined, and it’s on you.
Do we really have to go to Mrs. Wolowitz’s house?
Now I know how the African slaves felt. Being dragged from their homes to labour under the yoke of the white man.
Yes.
He’s right.
Let me ask you a question. At any point, was Las Vegas on its side?
Yes. Like we’re on a ship. Coming from Africa to America.
Yes, Miss Amy.
Oh, oh, oh, I have a reason. It could be because you said yes to marrying Zack, but every time Leonard’s proposed, he’s gotten a resounding no. Yeah, that’s just off the top of my head.
Hah!Penny? Next.
It smells wonderful. Is anyone slaving away in the kitchen? Because I, too, know…
I don’t know the first thing about women, but I would not follow her.
They passed against a nickel defence. They should have run it off-tackle.
My father loved football. He always made me watch it before I was allowed to do my homework.
I would throw a quick slant to a wideout, given that the defence is showing blitz.
I don’t care for your mother’s bathroom. There’s not an angle to do one’s business without a clown figurine staring at you.
1993. Leon Lett blew the game in the final seconds and the Dolphins emerged victorious. Then I finally got to do my calculus.
So was my dad. And then he did.
No. He died when I was 14.
So was the man who owned the local liquor store. He cried and cried.
No, sir. He did try to give me one for my high school graduation, but I was 11 and my mom said no.
All right.
Do you mind? We’re having a moment here.
Two, three, eight, four, six. (Normal) That’s all I can do without throwing up.
All I know is you can only fit one of her in a car. And there’s the clown that came out of her. I really didn’t want to come here, but this is shaping up to be one of the best Thanksgivings I’ve had in a long time.
She’s so tiny. It’s funny when she’s mad.
Perhaps you’re right. I’m sorry for my behaviour. I’ve had alcohol, and it’s caused me to be inappropriate.
Ain’t she great?
Now, how’s about you get us a couple of beers?
This is a Jewish house. I don’t think they have pigskin.
I just vomited on a lot of clowns.
