Yeah, she’s right. You’re grown men, the kind who are perfectly capable of growing your own moo-staches.
You’ll get ’em next time.
No one is running anywhere. We’re not getting a dining room table.
Do you want the long answer or the short answer?
Chaos theory suggests that even in a deterministic system, if the equations describing its behaviour are non-linear, a tiny change in the initial conditions can lead to a cataclysmic and unpredictable result.
You know, I’d love to, but, um, I’m too busy falling back in love with Windows 98.
I can’t talk right now, I have several thousand updates to install.
Think of me as Arthur Dent in Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, lying in front of the bulldozers to protect his home.
It’s a made-up story, Leonard, I don’t even know why you’re talking about it.
You, how can you say that? You show me one thing in here we can live without.
Wait. Is this really worth it? We’ve lived together for years with nary an argument.
But we start talking about a table, and suddenly we’re at each other’s throats.
Well, that means not one, or not any. Maybe instead of a table, you should buy a dictionary. Well, I don’t know if I won that, but at least he’s upset.
My spot on the couch has a great view of a window. Sometimes I can see space battles through it. It’s called a TV.
You’re absolutely right. Nope.
So, when can we get rid of it?
What about the roommate agreement? It specifically states that any changes in furnishing have to be approved by the Furnishing Committee. Which only sits on alternate years. Yeah, and by the way, it sits over there.
Okay. I think we’ve found the problem here. It’s not the table at all. It’s you.
I have spent years turning this lump of clay into an acceptable conduit for my will, and then you came along and reshaped him, with your newfangled ideas and your fancy genitals.
That’s not true.
She told you?
You’re right. Without realizing it, I’ve allowed that woman to alter my personality.
No. No, I’ve changed. Like the frog who’s put in a pot of water that’s heated so gradually he doesn’t realize he’s boiling to death.
Excuse me. I have to break up with my girlfriend.
No. You’ve opened my eyes to the truth. Amy has made me a more affectionate, open-minded person. And that stops now.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? I’ll get right to the point. I think we need to end this relationship, so just sign this with your finger, and, uh, please don’t cry on my iPad, I didn’t get AppleCare.
At the bottom. I must say, I’m relieved you’re not making more of a scene out of this.
It doesn’t?
Wait, wait, now, hang on. You think he manipulates me?
It is hideous.
Wait. You were really gonna stand by me against the dining room table?
Wait. How do I know that you’re not manipulating me right now?
How do I know you’re not saying that as part of the manipulation?
Okay. I’m sorry I gave you such a hard time, I just had to be sure.
Hello.
No. Sorry to disappoint you, but Amy pointed out that you were only trying to manipulate me.
Which I also figured out by myself.
Yeah, okay, you can stop trying to make this about our relationship.
Which is stronger than ever. This is about you trying to change my environment, which was perfect the way it was.
Um.
I don’t need to explain myself to you!
Keep the table. We don’t use that space.
No, thanks. We’re fine. I mean, if you people want to eat at the table, then that’s what you should do. I like eating down here because this is how we’ve always done things. But if those days are gone, they’re gone. It just makes me sad.
Well, isn’t this nice. Sometimes the baby wins.
