So, who’s watching her now?
Hello.
I just got called into President Siebert’s office. The university won’t let me switch my field of study to inflationary cosmology. They’re forcing me to continue with string theory.
He said it’s why they hired me, it’s, it’s what my grant was designated for, and that everybody has to do things they don’t want to do. He then gave an example of something he had to do, even though he didn’t want to, which was look at my stupid face.
It’s an outrage. Honestly, I’m tempted to leave the university.
I don’t know. I am really aggravated.
I’m writing an appeal to the Faculty Senate, so that I can move on from string theory.
You tell me. Dear Esteemed Colleagues, as you may know, I have requested to change my field of study. My decision to do so is, I believe, in the best interest of science. At your convenience, I’d be happy to explain it to you in words you’ll understand.
You’re right. I’ll take that out.
Mm.
Of course. She’s spent many nights here, and you’re worried about preserving the myth of her virginity before the wedding.
Good, because not only has that ship sailed, if it hit an iceberg, countless men would perish.
What do you mean?
Oh, yeah, well, I’ve already given this some thought, and I’m willing to let Penny live with us one day a week for a trial period. Now, obviously, not when she’s made cranky by the shedding of her uterine lining.
I don’t understand. How could we all live together if I’m not there?
Where are you going to go?
Move across the hall? Did you take a marijuana?
Did you get hit on the head with a coconut?
Well, then, I’m all out of guesses. What? Me move across the hall. Why would you even suggest such a thing?
I see. You’re putting your future bride’s happiness above mine.
Wow.
How dare the university force me to go back to string theory?
Yeah, and on top of that, Leonard has the audacity to suggest that now that he and Penny are engaged, he may not want to live with me any more.
I have real problems here, Amy. I can’t be mollified with a beverage designed for children. Mmm, yummy.
Ugh, it’s like walking into the Amazon. And not the good Amazon with one-day shipping. The awful one with birds and snakes.
Four keys! Who does he think he is, a warden?
I don’t know. Perhaps.
You and… oh, sure, and while we’re at it, why don’t we get engaged, too? Why don’t we get a little house, start a family? Enjoy our sunset years together? Do you hear yourself, woman?
No. Here’s a thought. You’re not moving in, Leonard’s not moving out, everything stays exactly the way it is. And by the way, I saw you make this Strawberry Quik with syrup, you’re supposed to use the powder.
No. The syrup tastes better and I don’t like it.
No.
What happened?
And you couldn’t put it out?
So when will you reopen?
So, tomorrow?
Your life? The university is making me do string theory and my girlfriend loves me so much she wants to live with me. And now, the place I need to go when I’m sad is damp and smells funny.
No. I do not accept this. Everything is changing and I hate it. It stops now. I’m helping you get back on your feet. I would like to purchase this comic book, please.
Really? It’s soaking wet.
Can you break a twenty?
You know what? I don’t always recognize sarcasm, but I do right now, and I don’t appreciate it. I’m sorry for your loss. But you’re not the only one whose day has been a disaster.
You tracked my phone?
Boy, you chase one balloon for three miles.
Don’t be melodramatic. I’m just getting on a train and leaving forever.
My plan is to stop at malls and buy what I need. It’s called living off the land.
No. I’ve reached my breaking point. I need to leave. Now.
It doesn’t matter.
I suppose it is. Except I have a credit card. And I refuse to carry my laptop at the end of a stick. And I’d sooner die than eat beans out of a can.
Legoland is not the solution to everything. And it’s too much of a scene since that movie came out.
Leonard, I am overwhelmed. Everything is changing and it’s simply too much. I need to get away and think.
Good Lord. Padawan’s the student, not the teacher.
I do.
I will.
Yes?
Of course you are.
