Meh.
Maybe it’s because I’m not an elitist. What I’d like to know is, how does this gravity wave breakthrough help the man on the street? You know? Who’s looking out for Joe six-pack and all his quantum physics concerns?
Why would I be jealous?
Yeah, well, I’ve had a lot on my plate. We happen to live in a golden age of television.
Really? Did they find evidence to support extra dimensions or supersymmetry?
Why would you do that? You’re a string theorist as well.
Do you think he’s right? Am I wasting my life on a theory that can never be proven?
I couldn’t sleep.
No, that’s not it.
Yes, but you wouldn’t understand.
All right. I’ve devoted the prime of my life to string theory and its quest for the compactification of extra dimensions. I’ve got nothing to show for it, and I feel like a fool.
You mean your acting career?
Your relationship with Leonard?
Your failed attempt to go back to college?
I said Leonard, you said no.
Okay. Well, what do you do?
I don’t know if I can do that.
Break it off, shake hands, walk away.
Gentlemen, is anybody interested in my old string theory books?
I am. Yeah, Penny pointed out that what I’m going through is essentially a breakup. And according to Cosmopolitan magazine, one of the most effective techniques for moving on is to get rid of all reminders of the relationship.
Yes. As it turns out, there’s an article on how to get over a breakup in literally every issue. Anyway, it suggests that I set these on fire, but the smell of burning books reminds me of church picnics in East Texas.
Oh, that’s just a doodle of a hyperelliptic Riemann surface.
It was. This seemed so elegant at the time, but now I realize I was just a simple country boy seduced by a big city theory with variables in all the right places.
I know. As hard as this is, I have to move on. I can’t keep postulating multidimensional entities and get nothing in return. I have needs, too.
The magazine articles suggest that one of the ways to get over a breakup is a new look.
You stop it.
Oh, how about Bill Gates meets Nikola Tesla?
Oh, I’m in your hands. Do a good job and I’ll tell you Cosmo’s ten dynamite tips to enjoy your PMS.
Oh, there are so many exciting areas. Black holes, dark matter.
Don’t feel bad. Neither does he.
Have you ever even seen a picture of Tesla?
I suppose I could see myself in a scientific boy band. Of course, I’d be the dreamy one and the smart one.
She’s right. I’m too hot.
Oh, looking through my textbooks for a new field of inquiry. Why do we have a geology book? Leonard, did you throw a children’s party while I was in Texas?
Let me put this in a way you’ll understand, Penny. You remember how you explained to me that the Kardashians aren’t real celebrities? Well, geology is the Kardashians of science.
Have you considered studying standard model physics?
You want me to give up string theory for something that’s less advanced? You know, why don’t you break up with Penny and start dating a brown bear?
Oh, please. If I wanted to take up a fad, I’d get a tramp stamp.
Oh, Duchess, look at me. My quantum gravity’s positively loopy.
That’s actually not bad advice. You know, I didn’t seek out string theory. It just hit me over the head one day.
A bully chased me through the school library and hit me over the head with the biggest book he could find.
Ah, normally I refrain from alcohol, but since my cerebral cortex is twiddling its proverbial thumbs, why not soak it in grape juice that’s been predigested by a fungus?
No more than Penny.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. If somebody says come in, I’m gonna freak out.
Oh, no. What have I done?
Not so good.
It’s not my friend. Nothing happened.
Oh, dear Lord. Where’s Amy?
Oh. I should call her and apologize. Oh, no.
Apparently, I called Stephen Hawking last night.
Hawkman. It’s your old buddy Sheldonoscopy. How come you didn’t pick up the phone? Oh, right. My bad.
Not really. I had a bit of an embarrassing evening.
I drank alcohol and may have left an unfortunate voice mail for Stephen Hawking.
Oh, I hope so. What happened to you last night?
Well, you know, I’ve always been a fan of a story told by Attar of Nishapur, about a king who assembled a group of wise men to create a ring that would make him happy when he was sad. And that ring was inscribed with the phrase, this too shall pass.
Clogzilla. That’s pretty funny. I don’t think that’s gonna pass.
It’s me again. I gave up string theory. You should give up black holes, and we can totally solve crimes together.
Do you know what’s great? Geology. Oh. Look at this geode. That’s fun to say. Gee-ode. Gee-ode.
Gee-ode. Gee-ode. I kiss girls now.
Hey, guess who I am. Beep bop boop bop. I’m you. Get it?
Are you mad at me? Oh, no, you’re mad at me. I’m so sorry. Beep bop boop bop.
Thiospinel sulfide. Thiospinel sulfide. That’s even more fun than gee-ode. Hey, did you see The Lego Movie?
