I submitted you a notarised list.
Well, you don’t like Princess Corncob, you don’t like Fester, you’re just impossible to please.
Ah, the worst for last. Hmm. Classic Flakey.
People usually start a meeting with a joke, but you go ahead, end with one.
I hate every word in that sentence. Including in, at, we and a.
For starters, a bed-and-breakfast forces you to eat with strangers at your table.
Oh, very well. What are the sleeping arrangements? We’ve only been dating for three years. If we were to share a room, people might talk.
What if my room has a claw-foot bathtub?
Look, I appreciate the effort, but I’m still unclear how this trip is supposed to be enjoyable for me.
Vintage? Be specific.
Wow. I’m feeling the urge to hug you. And one, and two, all right, Gollum, we’re good.
Howard, which pocket watch will you be wearing for dinner on the train?
Oh, I’m afraid if we wear the same pocket watch, it will be embarrassing.
Oh, my. Well, then my apologies for bringing up this sore spot.
It’s magnificent. This is going to be the best Valentine’s Day ever.
I’m prepared to say I love it, as soon as I confirm there are no hobos aboard.
Uh, I do. Uh, does this train car have the original link-and-pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform?
Oh, of course. Um, is the seafood risotto being served on a train car with the original link-and-pin coupler or the Miller Hook and Platform?
Get out of town.
Do another one, do another one.
Oh, yeah. I’ve got one. Um, the Amtrak Wolverine coming into Chicago. Bwch-wch-wch-wch-wch-wch, bwch-wch-wch-wch-wch-wch. Ooo-ooo.
How many trains have you been on?
Wow. Your life’s amazing.
You’re right. That was insensitive of me. I have to go back to my table now. You should join us.
Trick question. There never was one.
What?
In what world is a four-four-six-four a four-ten-four?
I may never stop thinking about it. Amy, what are the odds we run into this guy?
I never want this day to end.
Come on.
The conductor and I have the same pocket watch.
Dare I say loco? Oh, and, Amy, guess what? The conductor said as soon as he gets off work, he can come back to the bed and breakfast and play his banjo for us.
Excuse me. I think you’re being a little rude.
How is that possible? I’ve hardly spoken to you since we got on the train.
I get it.
What is your problem?
Oh, really? Because I remember you saying that this trip was going to be something we could both enjoy. Did you mean that, or were you just trying to trick me?
Well, if you want romance, then let’s have romance. Oh, look, there’s wine. Mmm. Grape juice that burns. Uh, now let’s gaze into each other’s eyes, hmm? You blinked. I win.
Let’s see. What’s next? Oh, kissing’s romantic.
Good. Um, the conductor said if I come back to the engine room, he’d show me how to bring the train through a crossing.
Do you want to come with me?
Hello.
It was wonderful.
I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do, uh, I kissed Amy on the lips, and, uh, the conductor played his banjo for me. Good night.
Oh, well, my new friend’s name was Eric. Um, Amy lips tasted like the brownie we had for dessert. Oh, and the banjo-playing conductor was missing a finger, but he made up for it with his can-do attitude.
Hmm. It never occurred to me to pick a favourite.
I can’t answer that without collecting additional data.
I’m not sure how listening to other nine-fingered banjo players makes me dog, but all right.
