Hello to you, too. I’m sorry, but this is important.
Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case, and Back to the Future III was, get this, in the Back to the Future II case.
So, did you do that, or am I in the house with an intruder?
You’re dodging the question, I knew it was you. What was that?
This isn’t a very good connection, but it sounded like someone just released a kraken.
No!
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Um, well, I was worried that you might be missing Leonard. And that might be causing you to have bad dreams, like the kind you’d get if you watched Clash of the Titans right before you went to bed.
To be honest, I did.
Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case. Leonard did it.
No, wait. Perhaps I should sleep here so you don’t miss Leonard as much, uh, ’cause you’re being kind of a baby about it.
You’re welcome. Good night.
Dear Lord, you’re an astronomer. Although you may have earthly woes, get your mind back on the stars. Gee, even the lowly dung beetle chooses to plot its course by using the Milky Way.
Everything I say is true. Now, of course, the dung beetle also enjoys eating faeces, living in faeces and making little balls out of faeces, so, you know, pick and choose which aspects of its lifestyle you want to embrace.
I want you to be happy, too, but not enough to do anything about it.
Penny, did you ever wonder how Starfleet captains…
Well, now that I’ve piqued your interest, welcome to the exciting world of 3D chess.
You overestimate his significance in my life.
Do I miss how he makes a face on my toaster waffle with syrup? No. Do I miss the way he fixes the zipper on my jacket when it gets stuck? I don’t think so. Do I miss how we say good night to each other through the walls of our bedroom using Morse code? (Taps out No in morse code on the table)
Well, I try.
Great. I’ll go first.
By the way, how are you with zippers?
Well, I really need to go to the bathroom, and this one’s gone all cattywampus.
Ooh. Bad move.
My queen can now take your rook from below.
If I make this move, but I won’t because we’re having too much fun.
We’re all out of alcohol.
Well, if you’d like, we could call him. I mean that you could call him. As I’ve explained, the absence of my friends does not cause me pain. As rock and roll bad boy Paul Simon once said, I am a rock, I am an i-i-i-island.
Oh, goodie, put him on speaker phone.
Isn’t it five thirty in the morning there?
Are you in danger?
You were.
That you’re having to process your emotional pain without vodka?
Allow me to comfort you. At least you’ve got your health.
Um, uh, in a hundred years, you’ll both be dead and it won’t matter?
Oh, no, I don’t think that’s true at all.
Well, perhaps you’re obsessively picturing him engaged in drunken coitus with another woman. Is that it? Did I get it right?
Actually, I can’t. Before Leonard left, he made me promise that I’d take care of you.
Yes.
Plus, if I do a good job, he said he’d bring me back a sailor’s cap.
Well, if it’s any consolation, I’m sure Leonard’s tormented every moment he’s away from your warm embrace and cherry lips.
Oh, seriously?
Here is a hot beverage to comfort you. It’s in a to-go cup. Make of that what you will.
Well, I have been toying around with an idea for 4D chess.
All right. In 4D chess…
I own nine pairs of pants.
I see. I own nine pairs of underpants.
But I don’t want to know how many underpants you own. Although, based on the floor of your bedroom, I’d say it’s a thousand.
I’ve seen that. Yeah. Serial Apeist. Howard found it online the day we met you.
And it was literally the moment you walked out the door. But I see the type of personal revelations you’re going for. Okay, here’s one I thought I’d take to the grave.
Hmm. A while back, YouTube changed its user interface from a star-based rating system to a thumbs-up rating system. I tell people I’m okay with it, but I’m really not.
Yes. Whew, I feel ten pounds lighter.
Here’s something else you don’t know about me. You just hurt my feelings.
I opened up and shared something deeply upsetting to me, and you treated it as if it were nothing.
It is to me; that’s the point.
Your apology is accepted.
How about a hearty handshake?
Now I know how you felt getting mauled by that sex-crazed gorilla.
