Look. A new topical antihistamine with lidocaine. Wow. I can’t wait until I get a rash.
Hey, isn’t that Professor Proton?
Look at him, just standing in line like he wasn’t moderately famous 30 years ago. Let’s go say hello.
I’m not going to bother him, I’m going to talk to him.
Arthur? Arthur, it’s me, Sheldon Cooper. You may not remember because of your advanced age.
This is my girlfriend, Amy. Amy, this is television legend Arthur Jeffries. His science show inspired millions of children.
So, what prescription are you getting filled?
No. Wait, I want to guess. Don’t tell me.
No, no, no. I’m really good at this. All right, give me a hint. Does it involve difficulty initiating a stream of anything?
But I’m hanging out with my friend, and we’re having fun. Look how happy he is.
Goody. What’s it say?
That’s strange. That he would come to you for that and not me. Oh, I got two emails from him. Do you have Leonard’s email address? And. Never mind, I found it. I can’t believe he picked you over me.
Sheldon Cooper does not cry.
And to think I idolized that man. And why? At the end of the day he’s just another Hollywood phony.
Yeah, they say don’t meet your heroes. Don’t peek behind that curtain of fame and celebrity, because if you do, you’ll see them as they really are, degenerate carnival folk.
That’s even worse. Using the sweet candy of science to trick children into loving him. Pervert.
Yes, I have. And my only conclusion is the prescription he was picking up the other day was for cuckoo pills.
That’s kind of a stretch. Look, when it comes to social skills, I’ve mastered the big three. There’s the coy smile. There’s the friendly chuckle. There’s the vocalization of sympathy. Aw. That last one’s tricky, I’m still working on it.
What?
No, go ahead, say it. I know what it is. I’ve heard it my whole life. The word’s annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say I’m annoying.
Oh, it won’t hurt my feelings. Go ahead, Amy, say I’m annoying. I’m annoying. I’m annoying. I’m annoying. Yeah, now, uh, now where are you going? Look, you know you want to say it, say it. Say I’m annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say it. Amy, say it. Well, she can’t stand it when I’m right.
(Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. Door knocker. That’s TV money.
I’m sorry, did I wake you?
Well, I would have been here sooner, but for some reason your home isn’t on this map of Hollywood stars.
It’s been pointed out by my girlfriend that I may have been annoying to you.
Anyway, I wanted to apologize. I am truly sorry.
No, no, now that we’ve cleared the air, I wanted to discuss another matter with you.
Well, then, I’ll make this quick. Um, I want to talk about the paper you sent Leonard. Now, I know he said it’s promising and he’s going to collaborate on it, but now that you and I are friends again, I am at your disposal. And, um, frankly, lending my name and reputation to it will help, because a lot of people think that you’re a washed-up has-been. Or dead.
So, uh, what do you say?
It’s because I’m annoying, right? I know it is. Say it. Say it. Say I’m annoying.
Say it. Arthur, say it. Say I’m annoying. Say it. Say it. I’m annoying. Say it.
Well, that really hurt.
Hello, Leonard. Oh, hello, Arthur. What an odd coincidence that you’re both here.
Because as it just so happens, I’m also spending the day with a beloved children’s television science personality. Isn’t that right, new friend and colleague Bill Nye the Science Guy. Sorry, I replaced you with a newer model.
No, I said you were teaching someone a lesson. Now let’s go.
Arthur?
I’m surprised to see you here.
I’ll get Leonard.
If you’re hoping to get in touch with Bill Nye, I can’t help you. I’ve been informed that he’s now Bill Nye the Restraining Order Guy.
Thank you. It would be an honour.
Actually, I don’t need that. I hacked into your e-mail account and read it.
Well, first, I think the fact that you use your birthday as a password is embarrassing.
Second, um, I thought your paper was inspired.
Can I invite you in for tea?
Yeah, and my eighth favourite episode of Professor Proton was Alka-Seltzer rocket. You said, plop, plop, fizz, fizz, oh, what a blast-off it is. Remember? Remember that? Remember?
Oh, wait here. I’ll get some Alka-Seltzer, we can build that rocket, and we can shoot it at Bill Nye’s house. As long as I’m not within 500 feet of it.
