Can’t talk. In the zone.
Can’t listen, zone. Also don’t care.
Really don’t care.
When did we get to the Cheesecake Factory?
Ooh, somebody call the burn ward. And back to the zone.
Zone.
Leonard, prepare to be humbled and weep at the glory of my genius.
Look at it. I feel like my mind just made a baby. And it’s beautiful. It’s not like human babies, which are loud and covered in goop.
Did I? Well, that can’t be right. No one’s ever done that before. Except me, because I just did it. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain…
Gentlemen. Uh, no doubt you heard about my little breakthrough. Now, if your plan is to hoist me on your shoulders and carry me around the cafeteria, please refrain. I don’t care for heights, motion sickness or the thought of your necks touching my buttocks.
Oh, well, thank you. Believe it or not, I just learned a Chinese research team at the Hubei Institute for Nuclear Physics ran a test on a cyclotron, and the results were extremely promising.
Yeah, I know. They called it the greatest thing since the Communist party. Although I’m pretty sure that the Communist party made them say that. I like China. See, they know how to keep people in line.
Oh, more testing, more success, more fame. Yeah, but don’t worry, I will remain the same down-to-earth humble Joe I’ve always been.
Now give me that cookie, I discovered an element.
Let’s see, what’s next? Okay, here. This is the Magic Marker I was using when I made the discovery.
And that’s why you’re not on a list for my tree fort. Ooh, guess who’s getting an article written about him in Physics Today? I’ll give you a hint. You measured the diameter of his suspicious mole yesterday.
Well, you should be. My discovery is spreading like wildfire. Unlike my mole, which is holding steady at the size of a navy bean.
This is the very copy of The Handbook of Chemistry and Physics in which I looked up the reaction rates of mendelevium and…
No. No, no, no, no.
I’ve made a horrible mistake.
This table, it’s in square centimetres. I read it as square metres. You know what that means?
Amy, I was off by a factor of 10,000.
Yeah, well, they shouldn’t have. My calculations were wrong. There must be some resonance between the elements I didn’t know about.
Sheldon Cooper does not get lucky.
What matters is the greatest scientific achievement of my life is based on a blunder. I’m not a genius, I’m a fraud.
Oh, great. Now I’m worse than a fraud. I’m practically a biologist.
There’s nothing happy about it. I’m being given credit that I don’t deserve.
No, Leonard, this is going to haunt me for the rest of my life. Every science classroom, every periodic table, every textbook, this mistake will be staring back at me. Like that time you let Koothrappali wax your eyebrows. I’ve got to find a way to stop this thing.
You know, frankly, I’d prefer a sex tape.
No.
Stop it. Stop celebrating me.
And no woos. Oh, not you, Dr. Woo. You’re fine. I want you all to know that you have no reason to applaud me. My so-called breakthrough wasn’t the result of my genius. It was nothing more than a boneheaded mistake. So please refrain from praising me for it in the future.
Oh, no, they found the element. (More applause) No, no, stop it. I don’t need to take this admiration from the likes of you people. How do I make them stop loving me?
The National Science Foundation wants to give me a substantial grant.
I know. When will this nightmare end?
You’re not?
That’s the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard.
Congratulations, Dr. Fowler. You just made the fort.
I hate to pile on the bad news, but I just got a raise.
She might be contagious. Don’t you think I’m having a rough enough day?
Is it me, or does she not look so good?
She’s sick, I knew it. Bye.
I can’t believe I read this table wrong. I blame you.
You distract me. I’ve been distracted since the moment I met you.
Well, you should be. Because all I can think about is how much I want to kiss you. And not just on the cheek, but on the mouth. Like mommies and daddies do.
Amy? Amy? Did you hear what I said?
