Don’t get soft on me, Hofstadter. I will slap those glasses right off your face.
Good Lord, this is not the time for flirting, keep it in your pants.
Every year. I told you, wear a diaper.
It’s live. Go, go, go, go, go.
No.
Do not stop refreshing your screens.
Yay! And they say firefighters are the real heroes.
Oh, Sunday’s the worst. Everybody’s leaving, most of the good panels are over, and the only T-shirts they have left are small and XXXXL.
Not Sunday, I love Sunday.
It’s okay. You know, there, there’s always WonderCon in Anaheim, you know? That, that’s just as good. Excuse me.
I can’t believe we wasted all that time on our Hulk costumes.
Gentlemen, I have the solution to our Comic-Con problem. We don’t need them. I’m starting my own convention.
I told you. Buying scalped tickets is against the rules. If you get caught, you get banned from Comic-Con for life. Life, Leonard. You’re gonna feel pretty silly when we’re 80 years old, and you have to drive me down there and then wait in the car for three days.
How do you know this isn’t a sting operation set up by the Comic-Con police?
You know, there was a time when Comic-Con didn’t exist at all until one lone dreamer with a unique vision made it happen. And you mark my words, I’m gonna rip that guy off.
Yes, I’m starting my own comic book convention, and I thought that your client, Robert Downey Jr., would be perfect to appear on our first panel. Oh, well, now, why are you saying no? You haven’t even asked him yet. You know, excuse me, but I sat through Iron Man 2. I believe he owes me two hours of his time. They hung up on me.
I didn’t even get to that part.
Not true. Wil thinks this is a great idea. He was just concerned that he wasn’t a big enough celebrity to headline such an amazing event. Also, that’s the same day that he shampoos his beard.
You don’t know that. I still have plenty of solid leads on this list.
No, wait. I need you to call Stan Lee, Leonard Nimoy and Bill Nye the Science Guy, ’cause, legally, I’m not allowed to. Oh, and, also, Carrie Fisher, you know, ’cause I hear he can be pretty nuts.
Gentlemen, I am one step away from securing a huge guest for my convention.
I don’t think that will be necessary for Mr. James Earl Jones. You heard me. The voice of Darth Vader, the Lion King’s dad, and FYI, the guy who says, This is CNN. Which also sounds like Darth Vader.
Simple. Earlier today, he tweeted that he’s looking forward to going to his favourite sushi restaurant for dinner. I googled an interview from four years ago which was conducted in his favourite sushi restaurant. That’s where he’ll be, and that’s where I’m going, and…
You’re the ones who are going to get in trouble. You’re buying non-transferable tickets. And from a stranger, no less. Not only can you get banned from Comic-Con, if caught, you could be charged with petty theft. You think about that while I’m warning James Earl Jones about the danger of posting his location on Twitter. He got lucky this time. There are some weirdoes out there. (To the Imperial March theme) Bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum. Bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum. Bom, bom, badala, baba, badalum, bom, badala, bom, bom, forgot my keys, bom, bom, bom, bom, badum, bom, badum…
Thank you. My friend Leonard said if I bothered you while you were eating, you’d think I was a creepy stalker.
He is, Mr. Earl Jones, he is.
Me, too. But he wasn’t, was he?
So messed up.
Is it true, as a child, you were a stutterer and were functionally mute for eight years?
Oh. Is it true they used scuba gear to create the sound of Darth Vader breathing?
Oh. Is it true that you were pre-med in college and you almost became a doctor?
Oh, James, I could listen to your stories all night.
Hey, Los Angeles. I’m on a Ferris Wheel with Darth Vader. And he’s nicer than you think.
In the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight…
Bring it home, Mufasa. Eee, eee, eee, eee, eee, um, um-a-weh.
I don’t understand what we’re doing.
Whose house is this?
Okay. But I think it could have ended with the karaoke.
Oh. How much does it cost to get them off my lap?
Oh, right. Well, my friends and I couldn’t get into Comic-Con this year, and I was trying to start my own convention, and I was going to ask if you would be a panelist.
Really?
Ay-yi-yi.
I’m sorry, who’s Angie Dickinson?
