Thank you. Uh, the university made me come here. I didn’t want to. Uh, big fan of the show.
Yes.
Who? Give me their names. I bet it’s Wolowitz.
Can we talk about something else? Do you know that I yodel?
Yes, yes, I’d be a physicist with a Nobel in chemistry. Everyone laugh at the circus freak. You know, I don’t need to sit here and take this, Flatow. It is because of bullies like you, every day more and more Americans are making the switch to television.
President Seibert, I don’t know why you’re yelling. You’re the one who made me go on the radio. I was expecting a professional science interview, not an attack by some morning zoo shock jock. Well, if the university needs money so badly, perhaps you should start a swear jar. Whoa, that one’s worth a dollar.
Yeah, well, I’m not just some trained monkey dancing for coins.
Look, you’re gonna be doing this stuff for a while. You’re just gonna have to find a way to get used to it.
But none of you know what this is like. Being celebrated for something you wish you never did.
Here comes the Embarrassment Express. With stops at Fraudville, Wonder Blunderberg, and Kansas City. Because it’s a hub.
Do you have cookies?
Good. I don’t deserve cookies. Come in. Wil?
Why are you here?
Certainly. Although, right now, I’m having a rough time because there’s three people in my room, and it’s starting to feel like a discotheque.
Oh, nonsense, Wil. Your endless tweets are not that bad.
How could you not like getting attention for playing Wesley Crusher? You were wonderful. A know-it-all boy genius with an eidetic memory. Who couldn’t relate to that?
That just happened to me. Next time you’re stuck for a tweet, feel free to say what a jerk Ira Flatow is.
I do see what you’re saying. That helps.
Would you two like to stay and play trains with me?
Oh, great, now, I work the controls, I say all aboard. You sit quietly and watch.
You should probably go.
Hello, President Siebert. Thank you for taking my call. I just wanted you to know that you can now expect enthusiastic participation from me regarding my discovery. Oh, no, no, no, no. No need to thank mNo, thank my friend, Wil Wheaton. For your information, I have nine friends, hmm? Ten if we include you. Nine it is. Ah, it’s ten. I’ll count Wolowitz. Hello, friend Leonard.
I’m in a great mood.
Yeah, but what about the Chinese research team? They found it.
Really?
So no more interviews?
I can’t believe it.
You robbed me of my greatest achievement.
I’m back down to nine friends. Make it eight, I’m sick of Wolowitz, too.
By taking away my only claim to fame? Well, if you wanted to make me happy, you could have told me a joke. Or shown me a cute video of a koala and an otter becoming unlikely friends.
That’s what makes their friendship unlikely,
Leonard disproved my element. Now all the attention is going to go away.
That’s it, I’m down to seven friends.
When I thought the element was real, I didn’t want it. But now that Leonard made it not exist, I want it more than anything in the world.
Don’t you dare use science against me. Science is my best friend. Oh, good, I’m back up to eight.
Oh, yes, nine. Welcome back, buddy.
I have no idea what she’s talking about, but we’re ganging up on you so I agree.
No, no, of course you have to publish. That’s your responsibility as a scientist. Doing otherwise would be unethical. You have no choice.
Can you believe this guy?
I saw. And I just posted a retraction of my paper. Now the whole scientific community knows I was wrong.
Not to me. The only other retraction I ever had to issue was when I was seven and I conceded that my brother was the greatest ninja in East Texas. But that was just a ploy to get my face out of his armpit.
No, no, no, that’s okay. I can fight my own battles. Isn’t that right, Bawwy.
You’re right, That was uncalled for. I take it back.
What’s that animal doing in our apartment?
I have two words for you, Jurassic Park. This day just keeps getting worse and worse.
It probably won’t.
Oh, everything is just sex with you isn’t it?
Thank you. Ira, if I may, I’d like to apologize for my behaviour last week.
Now, isn’t there something you’d like to say to me?
I believe I can answer that.
Fine.
You’re telling it wrong. Ira, to really understand the story here, you have to start at the very beginning. A small town in East Texas, where a young genius named…
That’s right, Sheldon Cooper. He was bitten by his neighbour’s dog, leading to his first scientific breakthrough, the doggie death-ray. Which, sadly, he couldn’t build because Santa wouldn’t bring him enriched uranium.
What a surprise. Did you invite me back just so you could ignore me?
Well, that seems like a snooze. Even for public radio.
You know, I don’t just say smart things about science. I also yodel. (Does)
