And here’s another interesting weather fact.
Changes in jet streams can affect the speed at which the Earth rotates on its axis, so bad weather can actually make the day longer.
Joke if you must, but you’re going to miss these moments. With Leonard home in a few days, this was your last time driving me to the grocery store.
I’ll tell you what, if my apples are mealy, we’ll hit the produce section for one last crazy blowout. Heck, you can even push the cart. Please don’t take my looking forward to Leonard’s return as criticism of the job you’ve been doing in his absence.
That criticism will come later in your report card.
Penny, it’s your lucky day. Three of the eggs are clearly not jumbo. Grab your keys.
Uh, Stuart, I was wondering if you could help me find something.
Oh, you make me laugh, sad clown. Anyhoo, Leonard will be back in a couple days and I need a welcome home gift for him. As he’s been at sea, perhaps something with a nautical theme might be appropriate.
Aquaman? Oh, this isn’t a gag gift, Stuart.
I’m a real collector. How rare is it?
Don’t try and trick me into buying something I don’t want. Now let’s talk Aquaman.
Twelve hundred dollars. That’s my final offer.
Oh, right, a present for Leonard. You better throw in that squirt gun.
Oh.
Oh, Penny, I see you’ve ordered pizza. I have Chinese food.
Oh, that’s a rather earthy cologne. My uncle used to wear that. Perhaps we can enjoy one last meal together before Leonard returns.
Are you sure? With your Italian pizza and my Chinese noodles, we could play Marco Polo. I mean, of course, a re-enactment of a meal in the life of Marco Polo the Venetian explorer, not Marco Polo the terrifying water sport.
What, now, do you have company?
Oh, I can take a look at it.
I’m quite familiar with plumbing. Not to brag, but I spent most of fifth grade with my head in a toilet.
That’s curious. If there’s no one here, why are there two glasses of wine on the table?
Of course. Ask a silly question.
That’s odd.
There are takeout containers in the trash can.
What’s odd is they’re in the trash can.
Oh, very well. I’m no stranger to enjoying the pleasures of solitude. Oh!
Have you gotten Leonard a welcome-home gift yet?
Oh, great. Do you want to go halfsies on a two hundred dollar squirt gun?
Yes, I am.
Uh, elephant?
I’m sorry. I’m just distracted by something that happened over at Penny’s.
I fear Penny is being unfaithful to Leonard.
She claimed to be alone when there was obviously someone else in her apartment. I have no choice but to assume the worst, given Leonard’s lengthy sea voyage and her famously ravenous nether regions.
Oh, really? She and I once had a staring contest. She clapped really loud and made me blink. It’s a small leap from there to sexual infidelity.
Amy, there were Chinese food containers in the trash can.
I hear a woman’s voice.
No, it’s you. All right, I hear whispering and giggling. Now I think I hear kissing.
There’s kissing in Star Trek, smarty-pants.
Please. Why would Leonard come home early and waste his time kissing Penny when he could be hanging out with his best buddy? Yeah, that’s it. I’m catching her in the act. (Unlocks door)
Aha.
Leonard?
Right. (Goes out.) (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. Are you going to answer the door or should I open it and say aha again?
Oh, no, I should apologize. Uh, I never realized to what extent our friendship was a burden to you.
Oh, no, no, let’s not sugarcoat this. You find me finicky, pedantic and annoying.
Well, Leonard, I think it’s high time you and I address the tweepadock in the room.
Amy?
Fine. Leonard, there’s no need for you to pretend to like me anymore.
No, no, you save your apologies for after you’ve had disappointing coitus with Penny.
You honestly think you can buy back my friendship with a cheap souvenir?
Excuse me. This changes nothing. Except the Halloween costume I’m wearing this year. Amy, you’re going to be Olive Oyl. Lay off the doughnuts.
Hello.
I’d like a ride. Assuming you actually do take me to work.
Who knows? Uh, you said you’d be home yesterday, but you came home three days ago. You say you’re taking me to work, but for all I know, I’ll end up in a deserted amusement park. Or a cornfield maze. Or a back alley dog fight. You tell me.
Okay. By the way, you have something on your shirt.
Hurts, doesn’t it? You know, I find myself wondering if anything you’ve ever told me is true.
You say you’re from New Jersey, but how can I believe you?
All right, I’ll give you that one.
I want you to admit that what you did was wrong.
I wish I could believe you.
You say one thing and do the other, so then you are driving me and you find me a delight.
Keep it up?
Hello. So I guess you’re really holding up the other four fingers?
Thought I heard you out here.
You don’t get a hey. You get a hmm.
You’re right. Which makes your betrayal all the more devastating.
I let you buy feminine hygiene products with my supermarket club card. You have any idea the kind of coupons I’m going to get in the mail now?
Careful, Amy. The friend of my enemy’s girlfriend is my enemy.
Yes. You’re either with me or against me.
Maybe there’s a third option.
Howard, Raj. Judas.
A crazy person with a long memory, and if all goes according to plan, a robot army.
Or a mutant army. It depends on how my Kickstarter goes.
I suppose so.
And then Leonard took me to the barber and the dentist, and then to cap off the perfect day, the Los Angeles Bureau of Weights and Measures.
And I’m glad you and I are friends again, too.
Which reminds me. This came in the mail, and I want you to have it.
Think of me when you apply it.
Yeah.
