Thank you for my bobble head.
It wasn’t easy. Was it Buzz?
I already am. I’m bringing the gift of knowledge.
Despite what her Bible says, recent archaeological studies indicate that although camels are referenced in the Old Testament, they didn’t exist in the Middle East until hundreds of years later.
But if we show up and you’re holding them, she’ll think they’re only from you.
Yes, but now that I’ve seen what the gift of me with flowers and pie looks like, there’s no going back. Boy, I can’t wait to see the look on her face. We’re leaving right now.
Nothing.
I saw my mommy with a naked man and she was trying to be a mommy again.
I’m not nearly drunk enough. Okay. Do you have any idea what it’s like to see your mother ravaging someone?
No. I wanted to surprise her. What am I supposed to say to her after something like this?
No.
I have to. How can we ever hope to have a healthy relationship if I don’t tell her how disappointed I am, and that I’ll never forgive her?
No, I’m just going to tell her I’m coming so she can give that good time Charlie the heave-ho.
Yeah, maybe you better, I took a pretty big sip.
I beg to differ. I used to live in those genitals. And if someone wants to move into my old room, I should at least get a vote.
Okay, let’s do this.
You, aren’t you gonna come with me?
(Knock, knock, knock) Mother? (Knock, knock, knock) Mother? (Knock, knock, knock) Mother?
I saw you having naked sex.
Earlier, I came here to surprise you. I looked in the window and I saw you with a man.
Can you recommend a surface you haven’t had coitus on?
Who was he?
How long have you been involved with him?
And of those few months, how long have you been a demented sex pervert?
Perhaps not. But it is a way to speak to a woman who quoted the Bible to me my whole life, and then desecrates one of Ethan Allen’s finest sofas.
Or what?
That’s ridiculous. I am a grown man. I am a professional scientist. And I currently occupy the moral high ground.
But I occupy the moral high ground.
But I’m a professional scientist.
I’m a grown man.
Apparently any man is welcome in this house. Why not you? I thought you were waiting in the car.
No. I’m not sure how we’re going to get past this.
Howard, we’ve all seen your mother naked. That woman needs to learn how to tie a robe.
I didn’t know she did.
What did you do?
I’m sorry. Although, based on your story, you absolutely were the reason why.
You may have a point. I love my mother. Even if she fornicates like a demonic weasel.
Hello.
I am.
I think what most upsets me about it, Mother, is the hypocrisy. Doesn’t this contradict all the religious rules you’ve been espousing your whole life?
Then why are you doing it?
Well, this is confusing for me. But I don’t want to stand in the way of your happiness. So, I’ll condemn you internally while maintaining an outward appearance of acceptance.
Mother, if you’re going to conduct your life in this fashion, then I should let you know that the world has changed since you were a young woman. You know, it’s not all sock hops, soda jerks and segregation anymore.
My point is that you’re going to need to be careful. You used to be protected by your pre-Enlightenment mythology, but now you’re going to need a stronger friend named latex.
Well, someone has to.
No, don’t look to Him. He’s mad at you right now.
