Gentlemen, Star Wars Day is rapidly approaching. We should finalize our plans.
Get it?
Come in.
Yes. Actually, I’m glad you’re here. I’m working on the Star Wars Day schedule. Now, I have a window built in after Phantom Menace for complaining, but I’m worried an hour won’t be enough time.
What is it?
Professor Proton is dead?
What are you doing?
Your heart might be in the right place, but your head, chest and arms certainly aren’t.
But, that’s Star Wars Day.
I’m fine.
Hmm. Yes. Look at him, Amy. It’s such a shame. Struck down in the prime of my life.
Oh, I’m not going to the funeral.
All those people blowing their noses. You can’t tell the sick from the sad. Mm. I’ll be at home celebrating Star Wars Day, as planned.
Amy, mourning the inevitable is a complete waste of time.
If we were in a physical relationship, you just lost sex tonight.
Uh, no, thank you.
I’m fine.
Oh, I appreciate the offer, but Arthur is gone and there’s nothing I can do about it. When Darth Vader struck down Obi-Wan, did Luke cry like a baby and go to his funeral?
Arthur Jeffries was a scientist. I’m sure he didn’t care about silly superstitions like funerals. You know, if he were here, I think he’d say enjoy Star Wars Day.
The Phantom Menace.
Howard, I think you of all people should avoid espousing the principle that if something is not our favourite we should just get rid of it.
Get rid of the trade route part? Then how would Palpatine get Chancellor Valorum kicked out of office? How would he get himself elected? How? Can we get through one holiday without you saying something ridiculous?
Well, you know what else was just a suggestion? Why don’t we change the Raisin Bran box? Hmm? And you know who got hurt by that? Every single person who eats breakfast.
Look at Arthur, cracking up at a joke I told him. I’ll never hear that laugh again.
Arthur. I thought you were dead.
Why are you here?
I know why. You’ve come to me because you’re my Obi-Wan.
Wow. Uh, you’re dead, so I’m going to let that slide. Obi-Wan Kenobi is a character from Star Wars. After his physical demise, he comes to Luke Skywalker as his mentor in spirit form.
You must be here to give me advice.
Those are your Jedi robes.
Be careful with that.
This is the swampland of Dagobah. It’s where Luke was trained in the ways of the Jedi.
When Obi-Wan came to Luke on this very spot, he gave him all sorts of helpful advice. So, um, what do you got for me?
That’s it? I thought there’d be more of a reason why you’re here.
I suppose it has something to do with your recent passing.
Oh, no. No. I’ve already had to say good-bye to 11 Dr. Whos.
Of course, my grandfather died when I was five. My father died when I was 14.
And now you’re gone, too. It’s like all the men I’ve looked up to have gone away.
But I do appreciate them.
I’m okay. How was the funeral?
I do. After I make them go back and watch one through five first.
That’s true. Oh, it’s a good thing I had a nap.
Wow. A Death Star cake.
You’re back.
That’s nice.
Why do I need you now?
So?
Not at all.
