Oh, no, I got bored with that. I’m just browsing cuticle scissors on Amazon.
If you do that, I’ll scream.
That makes two of us. My new cuticle scissors will be here in one to two business days. Come on, one.
You know, riding with Leonard has gotten a little tedious lately. The only car game he ever wants to play is the Quiet Game. And he’s terrible at it, I always win.
Well, why wouldn’t I be?
My father used to say that all the time. That and, um, who does one have to orally gratify to get a drink around here? But what does that have to do with you working at the university?
Really?
Huh. Yeah, I always took it literally. That’s why I have never once moved my bowels in this or any restaurant. Hmm.
Not as relieved as I’m about to be. It’s a brave new world, little lady.
Why not? Hairy Fairy.
That’s a Raging Ogre.
Well, I appreciate your concern, but I won’t be seeing any more of Amy than I already do. I assume we’ll deduct any extra time we spend together at work from our weekly quota.
Why? So you can see the look on Amy’s face when she hears my top-notch idea?
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy, Bernadette, Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy, Bernadette, Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy, Bernadette, Penny.
Hi. Um, I’ve reconsidered. Uh, you can’t work where I work. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Mmm, you are not going to come out of this looking good.
Well, I was. But that was before Howard explained to me how awful it would be if he had to work with his significant other.
Now, don’t be insulted. He just thinks too much of you would be mind-numbingly tedious.
Yeah, well, now, well, keep it short. From what I gather, brevity is your friend. So, are we good here?
Last week, you told Leonard he couldn’t wear his Wookie jacket out in public.
Really?
Hmm. You sure your mothlike personality won’t be drawn to this blazing fire that is myself?
Well, then, you have my permission.
Too late. No backsies.
Howard, if you’re going to lie to your wife, don’t start the sentence with Sheldon misunderstood. That’s a dead giveaway.
Yeah, but to be fair, he only said the part about him getting sick of you.
If it makes you feel any better, Amy and I are fine. I mean, really good.
Uh, it also wouldn’t have happened if, in the early universe, hydrogen was a little more common or a little less common. This is fun. Your turn.
Hello.
Oh, we’re fine. As Howard advised, she’s merely respecting our professional boundaries.
Yeah, you make a good point. It would appear I was worried for nothing. Look at her, desperately wishing she was over here at the cool table. Don’t worry, little moth. The flame will come to you.
Ah, Sweden. Yeah, home of my favourite Muppet and, uh, second favourite meatball. Okay, the Nordic reputation for lack of humour is well-founded. Boy, is his name Gunderson or No-Funderson?
Oh, please, I’m your boyfriend. You call me Sheldon. That’s right, I am in a boy-girl relationship with this cute little lump of wool.
It’s a physical relationship, too. Hand-holding, hugging, even on hot days. Ow. Okay, here’s a new one. Apparently now we kick each other in the shin under the table. How do you like it when I do it to you? Not so much, huh?
Dr. Fowler?
Well, I’m done with work, so… ugh!
Oh, baguettes. Yes, I like baguettes. What exactly are you doing?
So, goofing off. As I was saying, I’m done with work and Leonard’s not. So good news, you get to take me home. Play your cards right, I’ll let you drive me past the lot where the buses park at night.
What on earth are you talking about? My behaviour in the cafeteria was delightful. Maybe your friend Gunderson needs to head over to IKEA and assemble a sense of humour.
Aw. Embarrassed you?
I’m starting to get the sense that you’re angry with me.
Couple things, actually. Your tone of voice, your body language…
Well, now, that.
Bleugh!
Oh, I had to take the bus home. Fell asleep and missed my stop.
Did you know that Los Angeles has a Little Sri Lanka?
Well, I do now. They’re a lovely people. Although terrifying when you wake up face-to-face with them. If you’re hungry, I brought home some mutton and coconut milk.
I was asking for directions. Apparently, there was a communication problem.
Yeah, I thought so, too, but she’s acting very strangely. I was discussing it with a Sri Lankan fellow on the bus, and he hypothesized that a tiger may have recently run across her shadow. Although he may have just been trying to drum up business for his brother-in-law’s witch doctor practice.
Well, can you believe she said I embarrassed her?
But you didn’t even hear the details.
But you don’t even know…
But, now, but in my defence…
You’re not listening to my side of it.
Well…
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy.
I couldn’t sleep because I kept thinking about what happened earlier between us. Also, I had one heck of a bus nap. Oh, speaking of which, do you want some mutton and coconut milk?
Well, I cannot give this stuff away.
Amy, this isn’t easy to say. All relationships are difficult, but even more so when you’re in one with a person who struggles with everyday social interactions. And frankly, who can strike some people as being kind of a weirdo.
I wasn’t speaking about me. I mean, honestly, there’s no telling what will set you off. You know, introducing myself as your boyfriend. Giving you the opportunity to drive me home. Breaking the ice with your colleagues using ethnic humour, the funniest kind of humour.
My point is, we’re a couple, and I like you for who you are, quirks and all.
Well, I should hope so. I don’t see anyone else banging on this door to put up with your nonsense. Not even a good-bye? You see, that’s the kind of thing that makes people think you’re weird. Poor kid. She just doesn’t see it.
