It’s an outrage.
The university, they think they can do whatever they want. We just have to sit there and take it.
You work tirelessly for someone, and this is what you get.
But I don’t want a vacation.
Oh, this again? So, Penny proposed, you didn’t say yes, and now you think you may have lost her love forever. How does this compare to me being forced to relax for a few days?
Thank you.
I’m going to go inside, put on my coziest pajamas, curl up with a good book and wait for this nightmare to be over. (Leonard knocks three times) Penny. Sorry.
Come on, take me to work with you.
Please. What if there’s a big breakthrough in science today and I’m not there to see it?
No. I was just tricking you.
Leonard, wait. Take me with you.
Please.
Too bad. I’m coming with you.
But.
Hello.
I’m on vacation. What do you think?
Leonard told me to stay.
Where are you going?
Well, have fun.
Really?
Okay. I’m inside the CERN super collider.
Wow. Didn’t see that coming.
Let me guess.
What was I gonna do? Two ins in a row? Where’s my lemonade?
A fitting swan song to your career as a waitress, to forget my order one last time.
Do you see me drinking lemonade?
Why do you ask?
No, I don’t think you are.
The best way to achieve a goal is to devote 100% of your time and energy to it. When I decided I was going to be a physicist, I didn’t take some other job in case it didn’t work out. Which wasn’t easy because there was a lot of pressure from Ms. Pearson for me to be chalk monitor that year.
Because he’s not like us, Penny. We’re dreamers.
I’ve read that there are great yogis who have such mastery over their bodies they can draw water in through their genitals.
Too bad. It seems like a good way to drink a milk shake without getting brain freeze.
Well, to be honest, I thought she said Yoda.
Namaste.
I’m willing to if you guys are.
Y, No. I’m as much a part of this relationship as you two, and I think it’s high time we put all our cards on the table. For example, where is this going? Are you two ever getting married? And, if so, where will we all live? Have you thought about that?
Penny?
Good. Now we’re getting somewhere.
Yeah, no kidding. Despite what it says on her résumé, she is no longer 22.
He does that to me, too. Why do we put up with it?
I’m fine with it.
Well, to celebrate this reconciliation, let’s all share a milk shake. Uh, Penny, you’ll need a straw.
