Sheldon Cooper’s descent into madness, day two. It’s 2:25 a.m., and I feel the urge to urinate. My normal urination time is 7:10 a.m., but here I am, in the middle of the night, struggling to keep my mind sharp and my pajamas dry. It’s only a matter of time before my tenuous grasp on reality fades. I suppose I should pee while I still know what a toilet is.
What are you talking about?
Are you sure? Sometimes when my brain really gets moving, it makes noise.
Let’s see. Hey, I was humming. One point for Hufflepuff. What song is that?
Who lives in a pineapple. Nope.
I feel like I know what song that is, but I can’t put my finger on it. (Singing) My country, ’tis of thee. No.
Okay. (Singing) R-E-S-P-E-C-T. No.
I’m surprised you have to ask.
Hello, yes, I was hoping you could help me. What song is this? La, la, la, la, la, la, la. You don’t know? Well, how dare you call yourselves a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? My goodness. Do you sing along to the greatest hits of Elvis Presley with that mouth? Well, they were no help at all.
Well, I’m not everybody. I have an eidetic memory. I should be able to remember what song this is, but I can’t. Something’s wrong with me.
I was always afraid this day would come. This might be the first step of my descent into madness, where I gradually test the limits of public nudity.
Why can’t I recall this song? This is taking far too long. The urge to bang my head against the wall again and again and again and again and again is strong.
No they make my earlobes sweat.
There was a project I’ve been thinking about starting.
I’ll show you. (Into phone camera) Dear Crazy Future Sheldon, you were driven mad by an earworm. Your mind, once your most trusted asset, is now a sack of parrots and monkeys. So, I’m going to tell you everything you need to know. Uh, first, music is dangerous. The movie Footloose tried to warn us, but we wouldn’t listen. Oh, wait. (Singing) Everyody cut footloose. Nope.
This is Penny. She is your friend. If she offers you food, it’s safe to take it. You probably paid for it, anyway.
What are you doing in my room? Stop it. That’s mine. Why are you so strong?
Dear Crazy Future Sheldon, this is a thermostat. It controls the temperature of the apartment. The ideal setting is 72 degrees. If you find this too cold, then put on a jacket. A straitjacket, ’cause 72’s the best and you’re crazy. Now, this is your spot. You’re very protective of it. When anyone else tries to sit here, you berate them relentlessly. It sounds mean, but somehow you make it adorable. People are also delighted by your love of pranks. For example, Leonard has no idea what I did to his coffee. It wasn’t replace it with Folger’s crystals, I’ll tell you that much.
This is Leonard. He’s your best friend in the world.
Sometimes he gets cranky, but you can trust him with your life. And he does more things for you than I can even begin to list.
Oh, no, he’s drinking it.
Bah, bam, bum-bum, bah, bum, bum. This song is never going to stop. Have you ever dealt with something so relentlessly irritating?
Well, I shouldn’t be surprised. There’s a rich history of brilliant minds descending into madness.
Empedocles thought he was a god and jumped into a volcano. And Pythagoras had an irrational fear of beans. Tesla fell madly in love with a pigeon who he claimed loved him back.
The list extends outside of science. Painters like Van Gogh and Pollock, chess champion Bobby Fischer, Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys. (Clip of Darling by the Beach Boys) I remember the song. It’s called Darlin’ by the Beach Boys. Oh, thank goodness. I’m not crazy. I don’t have to take a pigeon as my bride.
I wonder why it was this particular song that was stuck in my head.
They have beach right in the name. What do you think?
Of course. I’m already seeing a more efficient way of taming the ultravi… I know why the song was in my head.
It’s about Amy.
It’s about how she made my life better. Consider the lyrics. I was living like half a man. Then I couldn’t love, but now I can. More soul than I ever had. I love the way you soften my life.”
Yes. She’s like the dryer sheets of my heart. I have to go.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
I don’t care. Amy, there was a song I couldn’t get out of my head. Eventually, I realized the song was about you, and like that earworm, I can’t get you out of my heart. So, what I’m trying to say is, you’re my heartworm. The metaphorical kind, not, not the poodle-killing kind.
I’m, I’m sorry; I didn’t realize you were on a date.
Amy, if you want to be my girlfriend again, I really want to be your boyfriend.
Good. Because I love you.
Well, I’ll let you get back to your date.
