Gentlemen.
If any of you are looking for something to do on Valentine’s Day, Amy and I’ll be streaming our first-ever live episode of Fun With Flags. You’re welcome to join us as we celebrate the timeless love affair between wind and flapping fabric.
Not a clue. Raj?
You know, uh, once I ordered an Uber by accident. I just got in and went somewhere.
I’m nervous. I hope people will be around to watch even though it’s Valentine’s Day.
Oh, and speaking of Valentine’s Day, I haven’t forgotten about you tonight.
Well, you’ve become such an integral part of my life as well as this show, I felt it only right to include your name in the title.
So from now on, this program will be officially known as Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present Dr. Sheldon’ Cooper’s Fun With Flags.
Uh, hello and welcome to a special live edition of Dr. Sheldon Cooper…
It’s also my gift to you. That was clear, right? ‘Cause you’re not getting anything else.
Allow us to answer a few quick ones that we get all the time. Uh, uh, yes, I really am a doctor. Uh, yes, she really is my girlfriend.
You know what, that’s not a flag question. Next caller.
Yeah, you know what’s not normal? Blubbering about emotions during a flag show. Unless that emotion is excitement over New Zealand changing their flag. Yeah, good luck, you crazy Kiwis, we’re rooting for you.
I suppose that could be a legitimate concern in a relationship. Uh, perhaps even a, a red flag. And speaking of red flags, check out this sexy number from the former Soviet Union. Hubba, hubba.
Please, all comments and questions should be flag-related.
I don’t see why not.
Speaking of ending relationships, when British Honduras became Belize, they designed a new flag with a tree on it, and I would like to hang myself from that tree.
And actually, it was three different men.
Well, you know, here is something that might cheer you up. The flag of the Isle of Man is nothing but three legs sharing a weird pair of underpants, so you think you got problems.
All right. Nothing about this is fun. No one wants to talk about flags, and I haven’t spoken in over ten minutes, so, enjoy your new show, Internet. Dr. Amy Farrah Flower present with.
Fine. If you insist on making me a part of this, yes, I knowledge how painful they can be. However, pain has an evolutionary purpose. It provides information from the environment that, uh, behaviour isn’t good for us.
Raj, now, I’m sorry you’re suffering. When Amy and I were broken up, I also suffered. And this may sound surprising, but I’m grateful for having gone through it.
Yes. I believe our relationship now is stronger than ever.
When, when we were apart, I learned how important you are to me. And I realize that when two people are in love, sometimes they…
I stand corrected. Fun.
Congratulations on a successful live show.
Did you know the singular of confetti is confetto?
I’m glad you asked. Amy, you have a confetto in your nose. No, no, no, no. Other side. There you go.
