Leonard, have you gotten married yet?
Good. Don’t do it.
Some important new information has come to light. Women are the worst. I thought it was paper cuts, but I was wrong. No piece of paper ever cut me this deep.
Amy has ended our relationship.
Is Penny crying?
No, of course not. They thrive on our suffering.
Yes. If I ever talk about going out with a girl again, roll your eyes at me like I do to you when you say dumb things.
Whatever.
Why did I just hear Amy’s name?
Did she say anything about me? Never mind. I don’t care. Well, if you care, you can find out and tell me. Just don’t be shocked when you find out that I don’t care.
Amy’s upset? Is it about me?
Your marriage is causing her pain? Yeah, great, I take it back. Go ahead and do it. Yay for love.
Hello.
When last we spoke, you said you needed time.
The Lord of the Rings trilogy was nearly 11 hours. I made you watch that, you said it was an eternity.
Very well. You seem to be headed somewhere. May I walk with you?
Boy, I’m glad we’re going out again.
Why? Is there someone else? Just couldn’t wait for that first notch on your bedpost, could you?
And who’s this guy you’re taking?
Oh, you’re going to a wedding alone? That’s sad.
Your friends? Well, I think you mean my friends. And why wasn’t I invited to this?
We make everyone feel awkward. That’s our thing.
I didn’t want to come in. I was told it would make everyone feel uncomfortable. So I’ll just stay out here and pretend that I don’t have to go to the bathroom.
I see. And is that why everybody was invited but me?
Raj, you’re probably wondering why Amy and I aren’t showing any affection to one another.
Well, you should know that she recently broke up with me.
You hear that? Raj is devastated.
I see what’s happening. Sides are forming. Well, if Bernadette’s on Amy’s team, I pick Howard.
Fine, I guess I’m stuck with Raj.
Amy, I don’t understand, are we broken up or not? It’s like you can’t make up your mind.
Well, you should think fast, because men can sire offspring their entire lives, but those eggs you’re toting around have a sell-by date.
Will someone take me home?
Hello, Mother.
I just wanted to let you know that you can remove Amy from your nightly prayers. Unless you’re open to praying for a beehive to fall on her head.
She broke up with me.
No, I’ll be okay. But I think that I’d like to send the ring back to you.
It’s over for me. I’m done with women. Like when I swore off Pop Rocks. They both hurt you on purpose.
Are you going to say it’s all part of God’s plan?
Then no, thank you.
Wasn’t Mary Magdalene a woman of ill repute?
Wow. Well, marriage must agree with you. Well, you are just glowing.
Well, whatever it is, it agrees with you.
Knock, knock, knock, Penny? Knock, knock, knock, Penny? Knock, knock, knock, Penny?
Leonard told me what happened, so I took it upon myself to make you a hot beverage.
Yeah. I know. Turns out, being sweet isn’t enough to keep a girl these days. I blame Madonna.
Well, I’m sorry about Leonard. Thought I raised him better than that.
He does? Who is it?
Mandy Chao?
Oh, you don’t need to worry about her. She’s brilliant and attractive. She can do way better
Wait a minute. I know this may sound far fetched, but I’m on the market now. You know, if I dated Mandy, that would teach both Leonard and Amy a lesson.
Oh, you’re right. I could never be with a woman whose self-esteem was so low she’d be with Leonard.
Yeah, I know. Forever. Who would have believed these things would happen to us?
Hang on. You knew that she was going to end it with me? Did you try and stop her?
Do what makes her happy? She plays the harp and her car is paid for. How much happier can she be?
I see. Well, I think I’ll be going.
No, no, no, no. We are done here. Would you mind opening the door and then angrily slamming it behind me?
Thank you. And slam it hard, because I am pretty steamed.
Would you like to hear another reason why men are better than women?
You would never kiss me and make me say I love you and then break up with me.
And you know why? ‘Cause you’re a man. The champagne of genders.
Yeah, well, and you admit it, like a man. All you hear women say is, I’ll just have a salad. You know? Where’s my lip gloss? I think this element should be called radium. That last one was Madame Curie.
You know what? She was kind of an honorary man. She had a penis made of science.
Really? I never imagined it any other way.
