Oh, I heard about that. Why didn’t you discover it?
Well, you be sure to let us know when you win the Nobel Prize for boysenberry.
Hello.
Oh, no.
Because this changes everything. What about comic book night? Uh, what about playing games together? What about our trips to Disneyland? How can we do those things with a child around?
Oh, dear lord, Penny’s pregnant, too?
Oh, really? Okay, well, would a baby have to shave once every 11 days?
I guess we’ll call this a draw.
Not to mention the impact on our social circle. Everything’s going to change. Howard won’t be able to come over as much.
Oh, but then we’d have to baby-proof the apartment. You know, my sister has one of those toilet locks in her bathroom. I have two doctorates, I still had to go in the sink.
All get vasectomies so this doesn’t happen to us?
And can keep a small portion of their heads dry.
Forget helium. The real superfluid is the fruit punch in this mug. Reminds me of my daddy’s secret don’t tell mama juice.
Oh. I’ll just take one last sip. Ah.
This place is terrific. Why. why have we never been here before?
That’s some smart talk from a guy who can’t even keep his face in focus. Where’s the bathroom?
Excuse me. Hey, how you doin’?
You guys, the bathroom here is amazing. There’s people cooking in it.
Oh, wait, I found something.
This video. The baby panda sneezes, and the mama panda gets so scared.
All right. Look, now, this may be the rum talking, but as long as the unpinning rate of the vortices is kept within 1.1 and 1.3, the Magnus force issue should be negligible.
And stronger. Who wants to see me beat up the bartender?
Nah, she’s a good kid.
Of course he’s right. You and I both know how hard it is growing up without a father. That’s why I’m confident you’re gonna be the best dad you can be.
You’re welcome. And if he has twins, we can do all kinds of neat experiments on them.
Wonderful. I’m being musically encouraged to bust a move. If I knew what that meant, I might just do it.
A microphone, a room full of inaccurate depictions of Polynesian religion, and a captive audience to hear about it? You bet I am.
Land where my fathers died, land of the pilgrims’ pride, from every mountainside let freedom ring.
You’re kidding. What kind of maniacs have coitus in someone else’s bedroom?
Will you guys keep it down?
