What?
The Web site’s frozen. I can’t get in.
All right, this goes against everything I stand for, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Lord, this is Sheldon Cooper. You’re good friends with my mom. I know I’ve spent my life denying that you exist.
And I will continue to do so!
Oh, thank you.
Hey, Thursday can’t get here soon enough. I’m taking off work to watch the original trilogy while I eat enough Star Wars cereal to choke a Wookiee.
And you do realize I bought my ticket when Amy and I were broken up? I hope you didn’t need anything in that case, ’cause it’s closed.
But someone might spoil the movie. No one can spoil Amy’s birthday for me. Surprise, she’s even older. Who saw that coming?
Arthur, what brings you back?
In the past, you’ve come to me when I’m struggling with a dilemma.
Well, my friends are telling me I shouldn’t abandon my girlfriend on her birthday to see the new Star Wars movie.
Those are the robes of the Jedi, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy.
So, you agree with my friends that I should skip the premiere?
Yes. But she knows how important Star Wars is to me.
By seeing the movie she’d want me to see?
You’re right.
Where are you going?
I wanted to let you know I’ll be spending your birthday with you.
See, I, I had tickets to the Star Wars premiere that night, but Professor Proton came to me in a dream dressed as Obi-Wan Kenobi and convinced me I should be with you.
I’ll, I’ll let you get back to sleep now. Good night.
It’s late. Got to go. Bye.
Hello.
No, I can’t. I need to make preparations for Amy’s birthday. Which leads me to the following bit of business. This is my ticket to Star Wars. I don’t have to tell you it is worth far more than its face value of fifteen dollars and fifty cents. I trust you’ll give it to someone worthy.
This is my ticket to Star Wars….
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette. (Knock, knock, knock) Bernadette.
Keep it up. I got nowhere else to be.
For future reference, if I want to watch Mean Girls, I’ll stream it on Netflix.
Well, as you know, I’ll be celebrating Amy’s birthday with her, and I could use your assistance in helping me select the perfect gift.
Well, so far, I’ve come up with three ideas. The first is a chance for her to play the harp with the L.A. Philharmonic.
Well, I said a chance, you know. When you tell them it’s your birthday at Bennigan’s, they make a fuss. I don’t see why the Philharmonic would be any different.
Well, Amy enjoys knitting her own sweaters, so I was thinking of getting her an all-expense-paid trip to the Wisconsin Sheep and Wool Festival.
No, no, no, no. She’d be going alone. Well, if you think I’m afraid of birds, you should see me around sheep.
That I have coitus with her.
Which do you think she’d prefer? Because I checked the Sheep and Wool Festival Web site, and there’s only 8,000 tickets left.
Intimacy in any form has been challenging for me, but I’d like to show her how important she is, and it feels like now might be the right time.
Then it’s settled. Amy’s birthday present will be my genitals.
You’re back.
I suppose you’re here because I’ve decided to be physical with my girlfriend, and I’ve never done that before.
So, can you help me?
Oh, no. Not that. I, I understand the mechanics.
I think they say junk.
This is an important night for us, and I’m worried I might be overwhelmed and ruin everything.
Thank you, Arthur. You are the wisest of the wise.
Oh, sure. Well, you’re fun to look at.
(Knock, knock, knock) Birthday girl. (Knock, knock, knock) Birthday girl. (Knock, knock, knock) Birthday girl.
Oh.
Hello. Sorry I’m late. I also got you a balloon, but it floated away, and I chased it for a while.
Okay. Ooh, this is different, hmm? Candles and music.
It’s kind of spooky.
No, no, no. It’s your birthday. As long as no one jumps out in a hockey mask, I’ll be fine.
I thought I could take you out to a nice birthday dinner. If we pick a place east of here, we might find the balloon.
Oh. All right. Um. I should probably tell you something about this gift.
Yes. May I ask you a question before I give it to you?
Why are we saying give it to you like that?
I see. Is that all right? I’m sorry, but this is a litigious society. I’m gonna need verbal consent.
You know what, let me pull a quick contract off the Internet.
Hello.
All right. Hello.
Why are you shaking? Are you cold?
Why?
Neither do I. But we can find out together.
Well, I enjoyed that more than I thought I would.
I look forward to your next birthday when we do it again.
Arthur. What are you doing here? I, I don’t think I need any more advice.
Oh. It was amazing. I, I saw it a few days later. What a movie.
Oh. Uh, uh, she liked it fine. But she doesn’t have the history with the franchise I do.
