Oh, hello, everyone. I am happy to report I’m feeling much better.
My fever is gone, my sinuses are pressure-free, and my mucus is as clear as a Yosemite waterfall.
I’ll be able to return to work tomorrow.
Well, why isn’t everyone happy? Your little ray of sunshine is ready to beam again.
No. But I knew that his yay was sarcastic. Not bad for a guy whose last bowel movement sounded like rain on a roof.
Penny, rub Vicks on my chest.
Oh, sure, grope every other male on the planet, but draw the line with me.
I hope laughter is the best medicine, ’cause this care package is a joke.
She’s a dermatologist.
Well, in that case, try removing the irritating patch of brown skin standing next to you.
Leonard, I’m dying.
I asked for chicken noodle. This is chicken and stars. It’s killing me.
I never did get that chicken noodle, did I?
Hello.
Physically, yes, but I’m upset because everyone’s mad at me for no good reason.
You know how, when you’re sick, you’re allowed to be cranky and say whatever you want and other people’s feelings don’t matter?
I had a hundred and one fever. If that’s not a time to verbally abuse my loved ones, when is?
You stayed in Michigan all week to avoid being around me?
You know, I’m not the only one who’s unpleasant when they’re sick. When Penny got food poisoning, she threw up so loudly I could barely hear the television.
Oh, where are we going?
Ugh, Atlantic City without the taffy? No, thank you.
Well, now, well, that’s hurtful.
I can consider a place America’s urinal cake and still enjoy the occasional visit.
Oh, fine. Then I’ll just hang out with Wolowitz.
Well, then Raj and I will…
Very well. Stuart.
Ugh. Stuart.
Our friends are jerks, and I’m mad at all of them.
Can you believe they planned a trip to Las Vegas and didn’t invite me?
You know, I liked it better when there was still a little mystery left in our relationship.
I can’t believe you’re not on my side. I was on your side when someone stole your car radio.
I don’t know. A music-loving hobo with a heart of gold?
Fine, if that’s what it takes to go on their dumb trip.
I have empathy. Watch. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him.
Fine. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him. Hey, I felt a little something. Let me try again. Leonard made me soup, and I was mean to him. I was mean to him. He must have felt terrible. Oh, now I feel terrible. Neat.
Now let me see you feel bad for lying and staying in Detroit longer than you needed to.
Hey, we’re both great at this.
Leonard, get ready for an apology. And with the added twist of an M. Night Shyamalan movie, I’m going to mean it.
Hey, if you didn’t know Bruce Willis was dead the whole time, that’s not on me. Okay. Here it comes. You tried to take care of me when I was sick, and I was mean to you. There’s no excuse for that. And I’m truly sorry.
I want you to know that that is sincere. I do feel bad. I’m not just saying it to be included on your trip.
Terrific. Now all that’s left is for you to invite me to come, me to ask are you sure, you to say absolutely, and then me to bring it home with, how could I say no to that face?
What? I apologized and I meant it. I know that we don’t play this game very often, but you’re doing it wrong.
Well, all right. What if I apologize to all of them?
Challenge accepted. Sounds like it’s time for the Sheldon Cooper Apology Tour.
My goodness, do you remember comes with apsparagus?
Howard and Bernadette, you tried to comfort me when I was ill, and I treated you terribly. I’m sorry.
No, no, no, wait. I’m not done. Allow me to underscore my sentiment with a haunting rendition of Brenda Lee’s I’m Sorry played on the pan flute.
All right, that’s eight hours of practice down the drain. And to memorialise this occasion, here are your commemorative T-shirts.
All you did was offer maternal care and affection, and all you received in return was rude and insensitive behavior.
I’m afraid it can’t. The trip is tomorrow. And I have more apologies to make.
Wonderful. would you mind holding up this shirt while I take a quick…?
You brought me my comic books when I wasn’t feeling well. That, that was thoughtful. And I was insensitive. I’m sorry.
And I want you to know that I mean it, you know? This isn’t me just wanting to go on the trip to Las Vegas.
The one everyone’s taking this weekend on the party bus.
That would be my understanding. On a less painful subject, what size T-shirt do you take?
Raj, you were being a good friend, and my illness was no excuse for my behaviour. I hope that you can accept my apology.
And, Emily, I’m sorry for saying dermatologists aren’t real doctors. And I’m sure you’re tired of hearing that.
Well, I would imagine when your job is popping zits and squirting Botox into old lady faces…
I believe I can answer that. Uh, like me, Raj is demonstrating empathy. Now, why don’t you accept my apology receive your free T-shirt, uh, I hope extra small is okay. For some reason Wolowitz took a medium.
Point of clarification, are you still going on the trip? Because if not…
I caused that fight, I feel terrible. Wait, I can do that better. I caused that fight. I feel terrible. Yeah, wow, I don’t know which one I like more.
No. As a fight, it was excellent. She used harsh language and slammed the door. Although as I say this, that might not have been what you were asking.
All I know is after the fight I went to Emily’s to smooth…
Look at him, caring about what’s wrong with me. That is some top-shelf empathy. Hey, well, we should start a club.
That is true. Well, I suppose I should apologize again.
Well, that is fine, because I’ve decided that I won’t be joining you. I’ve realized that the most genuine way to demonstrate the remorse I feel is to let you have this weekend to yourselves.
Well, I’ve been on a little trip myself recently. Not to Sin City but to Sincere City. Where instead of genital warts, the only growth you’ll come back with is personal growth.
Aha.
My plan was to jump out at the state line, but one of my nose plugs fell into the toilet.
Before you do, please give me one more chance to apologize to Emily.
Emily, as I’m sure you know, I’m considered an odd fellow. But what you don’t know is that, while I often say the wrong thing, in my heart I mean well. I think that you are a smart and wonderful woman, you know? And we all think that you can do better than Koothrappali.
So, for all the times I’ve offended you and all the times that I’ll offend you in the future, I’m sorry.
Good. Then I’ll be leaving now.
Oh, that’s very kind of you. But I’m sure you’ll all have a better time without me. Let’s go, Stuart.
Stuart, now.
That’s me. Bye, Stuart.
Are you relieved that you and Raj were able to patch things up?
