What a wonderful day, thank you.
Blue Icees and a trip to The Container Store? It’s like I died and went to the post-mortem, neuron-induced hallucination commonly mistaken as heaven.
Age is a state of mind, Leonard. In here I’m 90. Why are you taking your bins over there?
What’s wrong with your closet?
So that’s all this day was? A plan to butter me up before delivering bad news?
No, I thought we were friends. You asked for a sip of my Icee. If you had your own straw, I might’ve said yes.
You know what they don’t sell at The Container Store? Something large enough to contain my disappointment. Although, if anyone did, it would be them.
Thank you for letting me come speak with you.
As my relationships with Penny and Amy are currently strained, I’m turning to you for female comfort and encouragement.
I tried reaching out to my mother, but she was in Bible study. Leonard’s mother is on a book tour. My Mee-Maw was taking a nap, and after a while Siri started repeating her answers.
Yeah, I know, top ten, pretty exciting.
Well, in addition to Amy leaving me, Leonard’s moving in with Penny. It’s difficult not to feel abandoned.
Perhaps I could find someone better than Leonard. Someone I can rub in his face. Chris Pratt’s all the rage right now. I wonder how he’d feel about taking the smaller bedroom.
Gandalf, but he’s a smoker.
Just a few more signatures, and we’ll be finished. Initial here to acknowledge that you’ve returned your key. Okay. As my future neighbour, I’d like you to have a key. Initial here to acknowledge you received it.
Well, it’s not like I’m never going to see you two again. Which brings us to article 23 subsection C, please check here to reserve your spot at the ten year roommate reunion.
No, but if you want chicken and get stuck with the fish, that’s on you. All right. Oh, and lastly, please initial here to confirm that ownership of the living room couch is hereby transferred to me in perpetuity all throughout the universe and all alternate universes except for those universes where owning a couch is forbidden by the hive queen. In which case, all glory to the hive queen. All right, now all that’s left is for us to sign and date the document, and we will officially no longer be roommates.
Let me help you. L. E. O. N.
I appreciate your interest in the apartment. I just need to ask you a few standard questions.
It says here you’re a chemist. Which element on the periodic table do you feel is too big for its britches?
Looks like argon’s not the only one with an attitude problem.
In general, would you say that you smell better, worse or the same as you do right now?
I was going to ask you what is the best fruit, but then I realized what I want to ask you is why is there a Band-Aid on your forearm, but then I realized what I really want to ask you is just can you just go?
You’re healthy. You have a job in the sciences. I’ve got to say, if this credit report comes back good, you’re the frontrunner.
But I met with 11 people, and they all walked out. And that Hollywood phoney Chris Pratt never tweeted me back.
I suppose. What happened to me, Amy? Years ago I was completely disengaged from my feelings. I’d say it was a happier time, but I was disengaged from my feelings, so who can tell?
They didn’t used to be. You and Leonard and Penny, you all poisoned me with emotions. I was like the Tin Man, perfectly content until that evil wizard gave him a heart.
Fine, then I was like Pinocchio before that jerk Geppetto went and made him a real boy.
Oh, I wish I could, but I realized I’ve become too emotionally vulnerable, so, like an operating system, I’m restoring my life to the last stable version, which was in 2003, the day before I met Leonard.
No, just because I’m living my life like it was 12 years ago doesn’t mean I’m delusional. And since it is 2003, I don’t know who you are, so please exit the premises before I call the police on my stylish new flip phone.
Hello, 2003.
In my present, it’s in the future. In your present, it’s been crammed in the bedroom by an enterprising young man I met in The Home Depot parking lot.
No, what I’m doing is trying to figure out how to live my life now that everyone is leaving me.
As the kids are saying today, talk to the hand.
They are in 2003.
How can you say that? Amy’s gone, and you two are married now, so it’s only a matter of time before you’re gone, too.
No, I do. Eventually you’ll want more space, and you’ll move into a house, and then instead of dinner a couple of times a week, it’ll only be a couple of times a month, and then it’ll only be on special occasions, like when Bernadette divorces Wolowitz. Or, or, or like when Koothrappali’s weird girlfriend admits where she buried his body. Or Amy’s wedding, where she’s marrying someone better than me.
But mostly here.
You can. I’m happy when you come home. And I’m scared of fireworks. By the way, on July Fourth, we’re all sleeping here.
All right, great. Just give me one minute, and I’ll get started on a new roommate agreement. Yeah. nothing from Pratt, we’re good.
