Uh, can you repeat that? You’re breaking up.
Ah. Yeah, I had to get a little creative because the S, R and M keys on my laptop stopped working.
So, is that a yes?
Oh, but I like this computer.
I’m sorry, I didn’t get that.
The sound is cutting out. I can’t read that. The video is failing.
What?
What? (Answering phone) Hello?
You’re too late.
You got emotional when that lab monkey died.
Great. Now I’m gonna have that song in my head all day.
How could you do that?
Choosing a new laptop Is an incredibly personal ritual. You have taken away weeks of agonizing thought, tedious research, sleepless nights filled with indecision. I, haven’t I lost enough today?
Oh, oh, the guy. Oh, pardon me. I didn’t realize you’d spoken to the guy. Yeah, tell me, did the guy choose one with a 4K display and a Thunderbolt port?
Yeah? Did the guy make sure that this has a one terabyte solid-state drive?
Yeah? Oh, well, was this guy Rick from Computer Solutions on Colorado?
Yeah, well, he does know his stuff.
I suppose I should set this up. Or would you like to rob me of that, too?
You wouldn’t.
Fine. I’m sorry. Thank you for the thoughtful gift. I really do appreciate it. As you know, I had become attached to my old laptop. But I’m sure, in time, that this one will… Jeepers creepers, that started up fast.
Look at the 4K resolution. Next time we Skype, I’m gonna count all those nostril hairs.
But you only have two eyes. You got a lot of nostril hairs.
Oh. I am.
Oh. Uh, no, no, no, thank you.
Well, no, I just, I, I don’t want to recycle it. And I don’t want store credit.
Can we please change the subject?
I’m not being weird. I, it’s hard to explain.
It might be easier to show you.
We’d have to take your car.
And I’m gonna need you to sign a non-disclosure agreement.
Sorry, you’re on a need-to-know basis.
Right.
No, I meant turn right, and you missed it. Maybe you do need to know.
Just wait.
Just wait.
Just wait. You know what? Actually, yes, thank you. Welcome to my Fortress of Shame.
It’s basically everything I’ve ever owned. Um, every book, every tee shirt, every piece of broken electronics. Just all of it.
I have a Ziploc bag filled with all my old Ziploc bags.
In here is every clock radio I’ve ever owned. Calculators, VHS tapes. Yeah. Oh. Sporting equipment.
Well, oh, it’s just a, it’s a, a golf ball that my brother threw at my head. You can still feel the dent. It’s right next to the hockey puck dent.
I used to collect them as a child. The spiral of scales open in the Fibonacci sequence. A fact that, when you tell your brother, gets a golf ball thrown at your head.
I’d like to say it’s nostalgia, but every time I think of throwing anything away, my ears start to ring, and I get butterflies in my stomach. And then it feels like the butterflies get eaten by rats, and then the, the rats get eaten by…
It ends with dinosaurs. I’m sorry if you think less of me.
Really? ‘Cause every time I come in here, I think less of me.
Because I’m a fraud. No. I purport to be a man of the mind. I’ve been such a, a vocal champion of the singularity, but how can I leave my body behind and become one with the internet when I’ve never even thrown a toothbrush away?
Like what?
I have an old teddy bear I secretly wiped my nose on for years.
Only you.
What good is having a girlfriend if you can’t unload your psychological sewage on her?
Thank you. I wouldn’t even know how to begin.
I suppose I could try getting rid of the golf ball.
I will always have the dent to remember it by.
Actually, yes. I do.
Thanks.
I’m glad I told you about the storage unit.
Oh, I feel closer to you, too. You know, it’s still a couple of hours until my bedtime.
You look amazing. I mean, this resolution is remarkable.
Yes, but it’s like you’re right here in the room.
But I feel like I could reach out and touch you.
I know.
