Personally, I find the notion of external rewards demeaning. I pursue science for the intrinsic joy of discovery.
I also say don’t contradict me in front of my friends, but that you don’t remember.
Wine again? Yeah, no, thank you. I like my grapes the old-fashioned way, in a juice box.
I shouldn’t have to see my girlfriend get groped in public by another man.
Well, Bernadette, looks like Saturday night, it’s you and me.
Well, it makes perfect sense. Because you’re an expectant mother, you can’t drink alcohol. I don’t like to. You can’t have sushi. I don’t like to. You can’t go in hot tubs. I consider them vats of sweaty people soup.
Oh, come on. Roller coasters, caffeine, runny eggs, I’ve been avoiding these things all my life. And now, because you’re pregnant, you have to.
Well, little lady, you’ve heard of party hearty, get ready to party hardly.
Oh, but I won’t be there.
You know, it’s like how I play Warlords of Ka’a with you and Elder Sign with Frank and Alicia.
You, you and I spend a lot of time together. Can there be a little mystery between us?
I am going to record this for posterity.
Here goes nothing? This is the initial test of our prototype. Can we give it a little more gravitas?
Eh, maybe it’s your voice. I’m gonna see if I can get James Earl Jones to do it in post.
Yes. And we’re going to prove that we don’t need alcohol to enjoy ourselves.
Or caffeine, tobacco, sushi, soft cheese, processed meats and jacuzzis, which can all be harmful to an unborn baby.
Oh, no bubble baths either. They can increase the risk of a urinary tract infection.
Oh, and no swordfish, king mackerel, shark or tilefish, which are all high in mercury.
Oh, and no contact with guinea pigs or hamsters or their droppings, uh, no-no cat litter boxes, no paint fumes.
Boy, do I love restrictions.
Oh, the bubbles tickle my nose. I’ll just open this now so it can get nice and flat before we drink it.
Oh, I have quite the evening planned. Our foetus-friendly festival of fun begins with an in-depth look at the world of model trains, and then we’ll kick things up a notch and explore all the different ways that you can make toast.
You’ve heard of French toast?
Cinnamon toast?
Melba toast?
You get where I’m going here?
H-O gauge trains are 1/87th scale. N gauge are 1/160th scale. And that brings us to Z gauge, at a, you could easily swallow it, don’t ask how I know, 1 to 220.
When I was five, I ingested a Z gauge locomotive. I spent the next three days saying, I think I can pass it, I think I can pass it, I think I can pass it.
What an interesting question. When I was a child, life was confusing and chaotic for me, and trains represented order. I could line them up, categorize them, control them. I guess you could say that they gave me a sense of calm in a world that didn’t.
Well, other than when they’re chugging through your bowels, these things are magic.
And last but not least, this is one that I like to call Star Wars Toast because it has a light side and a dark side. All righty, it’s time for Dungeons & Dragons.
You’re gonna enjoy this. I designed it especially for you.
Oh, I have a feeling that once you start, you’re not gonna want to or be allowed to stop.
Ready?
Your name is Bernatrix. You are a warrior queen. You’re strong, beautiful and tall.
I think you’re gonna like a lot of things I have in store. For example, in this world, only the men get pregnant, so your husband is home trying not to pee when he laughs.
You’re parched and weary from battle. You stand in front of a tavern that serves the coldest, most delicious ale in all the realm.
What do you do?
He wants to see I.D.
The Hell Prawn lunges out of the hot spring. You block it with your shield. Do you attack?
Three giant red ones and they never blink. It’s unsettling.
Good choice. Critical hit. Your sword goes through its eye into its tiny brain. With its final dying gasp, it says, you have reduced me to a pile of sushi. Enjoy me with this packet of soy sauce. It’s low sodium. Aaaah.
Using your sword, you prepare a beautiful sushi dinner. You slip into the hot spring and enjoy the warm water on your aching joints. As you happily close your eyes, you recall the incredible evening you’ve had and notice that your feet and ankles are smaller than they’ve ever been. The end.
Oh, the fun doesn’t stop. You’re still going home with a goodie bag full of toast.
I can understand that. From the moment people realized I was a genius, I’ve been Sheldon the Genius. Although I’ve never really wanted a break from that, so I suppose I don’t understand. Which is ironic ’cause, you know, genius.
You’re welcome. And any time you need a break from being Bernadette the Pregnant, Bernatrix the Warrior Queen is here waiting.
Well, mind you now, that offer’s only good until the third trimester. I can’t risk getting amniotic fluid on my spot.
Morning.
Oh, I overdid it myself last night. Hair of the dog.
Of course.
No, it did at first, but then I talked it through with Frank and Alicia, and they really helped put things into perspective.
Leonard, friends are like toilet paper. It’s good to have extras under the sink.
