Yes.
Taylor Swift.
Yes. Kardashian.
Khloe?
See, I remembered because if it looks like Kim it’s Kim, if it looks kind of like Kim it’s Kourtney, and if it looks nothing like Kim it’s Khloe.
Oh, well, we decided to use our breakfast time to expand our respective knowledge bases.
I’m sorry, who is Mike Drop?
Why don’t you want to get your mother from the airport?
She can cover it in a car ride? I could do 40 minutes on your posture alone.
All right, back to learning.
Oh, easy, Bill Nye the Science Guy.
Creepy old dude from Dancing with the Stars.
Oh, well, I have a few questions for him about the last Avengers movie, and a whole lot of answers.
Oh, bad news. Amy’s making me go shopping with her later, so looks like none of us can go.
You’re really going without me?
You don’t have the authority to save places in the line. If I do that, I’ll be cutting.
You know the golden rule of line etiquette. No cuts, no buts, no coconuts.
Remember when we camped out for the Doctor Who panel at Comic-Con?
Stuart, what are you doing here?
I don’t understand. You were happy to do this when I hired you. Why, why are you upset with me now?
Well, I suppose turnabout is fair play.
Hey. Is everything smoothed out with Amy?
Did you make the apology as sincere as I would have?
Oh, well, that’s laying it on a little thick.
I suppose so. But if I get out of the line, I’ll lose my spot.
You would do that?
You’re a good man.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy.
Hello, everyone. Oh, Beverly, good to see you. I’d love to chat, but there’s a line that could start moving any minute, so let’s do this. Amy? A proper apology requires three steps. Step one, an admission of wrongdoing. Amy, I was wrong. Step two, a promise never to repeat said action. Amy, that action will never be repeated, and that’s a promise. Step three, an earnest request for forgiveness. Amy, I hope you can forgive me. And I hope you do it right now, ’cause there’s an Uber waiting downstairs, and I don’t want to repeat this apology nonsense with my driver Ganesh.
Oh, thanks, you’re a peach. Beverly, we’ll catch up soon. Bernadette, it was a pleasure as always, Penny, you have spinach in your teeth.
I’m back.
It went well. Yeah, I’ve learned that if you never say you’re sorry, the times you do really puts them on their heels. Uh, Stuart, I relieve you of your line duties.
Did you see that? He just cut the line.
No, it’s not fine. It is a breach of line etiquette.
What if every person in front of us let someone cut?
What if each of those people let someone cut?
But then each of those people let someone cut?
Excuse me.
Uh, uh, I couldn’t help but notice that you cut the line.
Well, no. It’s not cool. If there were reserved seating, and we all had tickets, that would be fine. But this line is first-come, first-served. Not show up tardy and nevertheless be first served. Right here.
You need to go to the back of the line.
Mrs. Wunch in fourth grade. And my slogan was a line that’s straight is a line that’s great.
What about Joss Whedon’s work makes you think he’d be okay with rule-breakers and line-cutters?
They work for SHIELD, which is a sanctioned department of the U.S. Government. Do you work for a sanctioned department of the U.S. Government?
Excuse me, excuse me, can I please see a show of hands? Who here takes issue with this person cutting the line?
Well, what a sad state of affairs. That you’ve all been so ground down by life, you don’t even notice when someone disrespects you.
You know, right now, at the back of this line, there’s a movie fan like you who’s not going to get in, because this person simply doesn’t care. Yeah, well, 61 years ago, there was another person at the back of the line and her name was Rosa Parks.
Now, let’s follow in that brave woman’s footsteps, and stand up for ourselves. And, and I realize that she stood up by remaining seated, but now is not the time to enjoy the irony of that. Now, I ask you again. Who here takes issue with this person…
I most certainly did not.
Excuse me, I paid someone to wait in line for me, and then when I arrived, he left, so what you saw, my good woman, was swapsies, not cutsies. Oh, no, no, no, no, wait, I ask you all again, a show of hands. Who here takes issue… well, stop moving. he’s gonna get in.
No, I can’t. This isn’t right.
No, I could’ve done more.
