Here’s a fun Postal fact. The inner side of our mailbox is under federal jurisdiction. So, if you broke my right thumb, that’s Pasadena city police. But if you broke my left thumb, that’s the FBI.
Oh, I got a letter from my Meemaw. Umm. Smell this.
Uh, roses, bengay, and Dr. Scholls’ foot powder.
Uh, thank you. Oh, Meemaw got a new set of teeth. Oh, but then she found her old ones. Oh, so now the new ones are just gonna be her church teeth.
Oh, my goodness, she’s coming to visit!
Oh, you are going to love her. She is the kindest, sweetest woman you’ll ever meet. Unless you’re a gopher digging up her vegetable garden. In that case, you can expect to have your head bashed in with a shovel.
That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her.
And that’s not helpful. You know, I got her an iPhone for Christmas. I’ll see where she is.
Oh, no, she doesn’t even know she has it. No, I had my sister slip it in her bag so that I can track her like a sea turtle.
Uh, for the hundredth time, I smelled kettle corn and couldn’t find the cart.
Meemaw. I’m so happy to see you.
Oh. You got even smaller. I love it. Uh, Meemaw, this is Leonard. Leonard, this is my Meemaw.
No. Oh, no. Now you call her Constance. I call her Meemaw. You have your own Meemaw. It’s not my fault she died when you were four.
It isn’t, Meemaw. Sorry, Leonard.
Are you comfortable?
You were so cute, huffin’ and puffin’. There’s Amy. I just know you’re gonna hit it off. You both have the same fashion sense. Hello. Come in, say hi to my Meemaw.
Yeah. And you never will. Ooh, hey, oh, ask her to do the tissue thing. Do it, ask her.
Isn’t that the best? She’s like Grandma Spider-Man.
Oh, well, you two sit down and get to know each other. I’ll get your room ready.
If I did, would I find any?
That’s a risk I’m willing to take.
A Texas Special cattle and calf car train set with authentic horn and bell. Thank you, Meemaw.
Amy, why don’t you look excited? Well, you get to watch me play with this.
Here you go, Meemaw. I made it just how you like, a lot in a glass.
And I call her Meemaw because, well, just, well, look at her.
How could it? I never told you, and you never bothered to ask.
Yeah.
Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have to like each other. Well, we have a 4:30 reservation at Applebee’s.
But why? Other than you two fighting, we’re having such a good time.
Yes.
My mother gave it to me, and I had been thinking about giving it to you, but then we broke up.
Oh, I don’t think I could do that.
I’m gonna opt out of that one, too.
All right, all right, look, l, let’s all, let’s remain calm and analyse this situation. Now, I realize that you’ve only known each other for less than a day, but is it possible this crankiness is because your cycles have synced?
Thank you. I’m gonna go next door and play with Leonard.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
No. They asked me to leave so they could speak privately.
Yeah, I know. It was quite tense. So here’s the million dollar question, uh, who wants to pop over there and get my trains?
No, I wouldn’t.
Hello.
Meemaw, look, I’m sorry, but I have to defend my girlfriend to you.
Oh, great, now you’re gonna get emotional. I always looked up to you and Pop-Pop. I, I know what a challenging man he could be, but I saw you stand by him and-and make him into a better person.
Yeah, well, that is exactly what I’ve been doing the last five years with this little work in progress.
Well…
Yes.
Thank you.
I just gave you my virginity, woman. Cool your jets.
