It’s nice to get back to nature. Why don’t I do this more often? What a beautiful forest. Hello, little butterfly. What’s your Na-oh!
I was enjoying some virtual reality, until you ruined it with your actual face.
Oh, it’s car air freshener. I was simulating the smell of the forest.
Well, how would I know?
Hmm? Oh. Amy showed me a compelling study that demonstrated the cognitive benefit of spending time in the wilderness.
Well, make your jokes, but some of the participants who spent four days in the woods away from all technology reported a fifty percent gain in reasoning skills upon their return.
You may need this more than I do.
Oh. Do not sneak up on a guy when he’s sitting on a log.
Look, I’m sorry, when did you even get here? I…
Excuse me. Here, look up fun, get back to me.
I hardly think so. You be sure and say hello to all the mosquitoes, bees, bears, snakes, possums, poison oak, oh, and last, but not least, teenagers with guitars.
Are you trying to manipulate me?
Well done, it worked, we’re going.
I’m ready to go.
Thanks.
Well, cell service is down to one bar, so if anyone needs medical attention or to tell a stranger their political views are stupid, now’s the time.
Once. The battery ran out on my phone. I had to wait for my iPad to turn on.
Okay. Well, shall we check each other for ticks?
Oh. Well, suit yourself. Who wants to check me?
Oh, not our hike, now we have to stay safe and warm.
Eh, most of the Jenga pieces are missing and the Scrabble only has seven tiles, so unless you want to build an unimpressive structure with the word shnerpf next to it, move on.
Ah, it’s basic thermodynamics. I’m sure we can figure that out.
That would maximize oxygen for optimal combustion.
Oh, well now, we’ll never win. You always play the drinking game.
Hey, now, wait. Have we started? Do I drink? What is happening?
So I drink.
Got it.
I can’t believe Penny hasn’t.
Well, I’m not proud of it, but I jaywalked.
No, I crossed in the middle of the street. And normally, I wouldn’t, but I saw an aggressive-looking Girl Scout, and it was the heart of cookie season. Anyway, there was a police officer, and he witnessed the whole thing.
No, he didn’t do anything. So I said, you just saw me jaywalk, why aren’t you doing your job? You know? May, maybe I should arrest you for, for impersonating a police officer.
Oh, and how.
Amy.
All right, my turn. Mm. Oh, I know. Never have I ever kept a secret bank account, because I think my wife can’t handle money. Did I win? I feel like I won.
I’m calling it. I won.
Oh, never have I ever drunk milk past its expiration date.
Oh, uh, never have I ever put my foot in the ocean.
Oh, uh, never have I ever thrown, caught or touched a Frisbee.
Oh. Never have I ever pushed all the buttons in an elevator.
