Hey. Good news, everybody. Now that I’m no longer with Amy, I have an extra ticket to the annual Thanksgiving lunch buffet at the aquarium cafeteria. Who wants it? Well, you realize you won’t be going alone, I’ll be there the whole time. Providing fish and pilgrim facts. Can you people hear me?
Well, Howard, what about you?
Well, I’m calling because Thanksgiving is coming up, and I wanted to offer you the aquarium tickets.
No. They’d rather spend the holiday with each other than find out of this is the year I finally touch a starfish. Anyway, I wouldn’t want the tickets to go to waste, so take whomever you’d like.
And feel free to tell your guest that the Myanmar catfish is also known as the pilgrim fish. In case the turkey’s dry and you need something juicy.
You don’t think that will be awkward?
Very well, then. I’ll see you on Thanksgiving morning.
Oh, and forget what I said about the Myanmar catfish. My list of marine-themed pilgrim facts is pretty short.
And there goes my list.
Hello.
I am. You know, and in an effort to reduce awkwardness as we learn how to function as friends, I printed out a list of safe topics for polite conversation.
If there were a list of things that make me more comfortable, lists would be on the top of that list. Okay, now, oh, since last we spoke, have you acquired any pets?
No. Um, since last we spoke, have you planned or gone on any vacations?
Mm. Your aunt in Modesto?
Bakersfield. I see. Where has this list been all my life?
and then the next day was 73 degrees, and the day after that was 72, and then it was 72 again, uh, then it was 74, and that brings us to today, at I’d wear shorts if I had a pair. 78.
I don’t know if I’d call it discussing. You kind of sat back and let me do all the work. Let’s see, what’s next on the list. Oh, uh, do you whittle, and if so, what kind of knife do you use.
All right. Well, what should we talk about?
Very well. I know you’ve been seeing other men. Have you had coitus with any of them?
I’m sensing things have gotten awkward.
All right.
Just a few.
How many dates have you been on? Who were they with? Where’d you go? Where did you meet them? Did you sleep with them? And how much longer to the aquarium? I’m getting kind of hungry.
Is that regular or honey nut?
You mixed them. No wonder gentleman callers are pounding down your door. Do you have any questions for me?
I am.
I believe you. I’d believe you more if you threw a few Apple Jacks in here.
You know, for a Thanksgiving buffet in an aquarium cafeteria, that was really bad.
They gave one to that baby. He wasn’t even awake.
Oh. Would you care to play an ocean-themed game I invented?
It’s called Food, Friend, Fight. One of us chooses three aquatic creatures, and the other one must decide which he would eat, befriend, or battle.
What is that?
Well, my game is better, ’cause instead of marrying someone, you get to eat them.
I’ll start you off easy. Electric eel, pufferfish, shrimp.
Very well done.
Well, I’d befriend SpongeBob but he’s not real, so I can’t do that, can I?
Hey, let’s not pull at that thread. Okay. I’ll fight SpongeBob, because he’s so friendly we’ll just end up tickling each other. Um, I’ll befriend the seal, because he’s trainable, which is the problem I’m having with my current friends. Which means I’ll have to eat the hagfish.
I know. It makes its own gravy, it’ll slide right down.
How can you miss a game you’ve never played before, silly?
Me, too. It’s comforting to know that she and I are able to function as friends.
Oh, I’m sure you and Leonard will be able to pull it off. (Phone rings) Oh. It’s my friend Amy. Hello.
Did you have a nice time?
Well, I can’t take all the credit. It was pretty funny when that one anchovy started going the wrong way.
Oh. I thought we were just friends.
Amy, I excel at many things, but getting over you wasn’t one of them. I think I need to just be your friend.
Good. Oh, I watched a video of the hagfish producing mucus, so I’m gonna change my answer and eat SpongeBob.
