I have a question about Batman. Batman is a man who dresses up like a bat. Man-bat is a part man, part bat hybrid. Now, if Man-Bat dressed up as a man to fight crime, would he be Man-Batman?
Well, isn’t Man-Man just Man?
Oh, I haven’t asked it yet.
What, why did you get a party sub?
Well, we’re only watching Game of Thrones. A party sub implies it’s a party.
I like a party as much as the next man, as long as the next man doesn’t like a party. Oh, by the way, don’t forget, tomorrow is our quarterly roommate agreement meeting.
Hmm? Well, it sounds like the kind of thing one would bring up at a quarterly roommate agreement meeting. Lucky for you it’s tomorrow.
Well, you have to go. It’s Penny’s first time leading the Pledge of Allegiance.
You realize one of them has sugar on the raisins.
And yet you get to weigh in. Democracy, it’s pretty cool, isn’t it?
Well, we’ll just see about that.
He says he’s not coming to the roommate agreement meeting tomorrow.
Oh, fine. We don’t have to have a roommate agreement meeting if you don’t want to.
Of course, it will require a vote. Unfortunately, my official gavel is in my bedroom, but luckily, I have my travel gavel.
There’s a motion on the floor, I’m ridiculous. Do we have a second? Hmm? Hmm? There is no second. The motion is denied. Next time, make sure you have the votes first. That was embarrassing.
Well, I should hope so. Tomorrow’s picture day.
You keep talking like that, you’re gonna make colour guard.
Are you up-to-date on Game of Thrones?
Oh, I don’t know. Theon Greyjoy looks pretty good for a guy who had his genitals cut off.
Tonight I’ll be watching a show rated M.A., and that stands for mature audiences, buster.
All this could be avoided if you’d just come to the meeting.
Oh, it’s just a meeting. One simple meeting.
Meeting, meeting, bo-beeting, banana-fana, fo-feeting, fee-fi mo-meeting.
Yeah, Amy, just one second. Meeting.
Apparently, perfect attendance isn’t cool any more.
Well, then you don’t understand what’s happening. See, Leonard refused to participate in a mandatory quarterly roommate agreement meeting. This is what a generation raised on Bart Simpson looks like.
I love Lisa Simpson.
Wait. You were pretending?
No. I don’t believe you. I could tell.
Hmm, what do you think?
Gladly.
It’s not always because they die. In one case, it’s because they’ve become involved with underground tree people from the dawn of time. Yeah, but I won’t say who it is. It’s Brann.
She did.
Well, I’ll catch you up. Uh, Penny is angry at Leonard, Leonard’s angry at me and Penny, I’m angry at Leonard and Amy, Raj is angry at Howard, and I’m angry at George R.R. Martin ’cause there are no new books for me to spoil for Leonard.
Oh, perhaps it’s Amy coming to her senses.
Interesting fact, in Italian, the morta in mortadella means death.
I didn’t say fun fact. I’m not a monster.
Now it’s a fun fact.
Cersei uses her body to manipulate men. Penny just takes me to The LEGO Store.
Fair enough.
Well, the important thing is I said that big sandwich would ruin everything, and I was right.
They don’t wear bicycle helmets in Game of Thrones. You’re thematically inaccurate, but I applaud your commitment to safety.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
I never got to ask my question about Batman.
If Batman were bitten by a radioactive Man-Bat, and then fought crime disguised as Man-Bat, would he be Man-Bat-Man-Bat-Man or simply Man-Bat-Man-Bat-Batman?
I’ll be back.
