Why are you up?
Perhaps you can think of this n a more positive light. In one day, you’ve managed to do what it takes many couples decades to achieve.
Me neither. But I just had a tickle in my throat, not profound marital problems.
Glad you asked. As I see it, there’s a simple solution. Your lips had a dalliance with the lips of another woman. It seems only logical that to restore balance to the relationship, you should find another man and dally with him. And by dally, I mean some hardcore mouth-on-mouth action.
I’m currently single.
I will tell you what is happening. I am saving my best friend’s marriage.
Well, hello to you, too.
I understand we’re no longer a couple, but I would like to remind you that we made a baby together.
A precocious little Internet show known as Fun With Flags.
Great. See you in about half an hour.
Why not?
Sonny and Cher made it work. Their variety show kept going long after the divorce, and here we are still talking about them.
You must be thinking about Donny and Marie, ’cause you and I are clearly talking about Sonny and Cher.
Well, if you want to see less of me, maybe we should go out again.
I’m here to return your belongings. That’s what people who’ve broken up do.
On the contrary, you no longer get to enjoy my charming eccentricities. We’re not friends with benefits.
Wait. Don’t you want to go through it to make sure I haven’t forgotten anything?
You wore it the night we went ice-skating. Remember?
We made one heck of a team, huh?
It’s not yours? Oh, my. How embarrassing for both of us.
Hey, you broke up with me. It is none of your business whose naked bosom I’m smooshing around like pizza dough.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Hmm. Tables work, too. Good to know.
Hello.
Oh, of course. Wouldn’t want to intrude. This is yours.
Nothing odd. I just wanted to rub Amy’s nose in it.
Now, forgive me for eavesdropping, but as I see it, there’s a simple solution.
Bring Penny to meet Mandy.
Well, right now, Penny’s imagination is running wild, but if they meet, that will eliminate the mystery and alleviate her fears. Like when that Sparkletts guy let me look under his eye patch.
And we learned that you don’t need an eyeball to do that.
Yes. And that’s coming from me.
In Leonard? Oh, even the Sparkletts guy could see that’s unlikely.
Fun With Flags. You may notice that I’m holding a remote control. That’s because my cameraperson and co-host, Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler, has chosen to end her relationship with me. I’m going to pause here to let that sink in. Okay. If you need to pause a little longer, just click the pause button. But the show must go on. And thankfully, all the things my girlfriend used to do can be taken care of with my right hand. Anyway, let’s not spend any more time talking about her. We’re here to talk about flags. Tonight’s theme, flags of countries that have been torn apart and the women I have a feeling were responsible.
And then the Czech Republic says to Slovakia, I don’t think you understand how being broken up works. Can you believe that? You’d think that the Czech Republic would try to hold on to what it had, given that it’s not as young as it used to be. And I don’t see any other countries lining up to invade its southern borders.
But enough about the Czech Republic. Let’s talk about the time Moldova made Romania a birthday cake and Romania said it tasted good even though it didn’t. And yet Romania gets dumped. I’ll pause here while you mull that one over. I know, right?
I don’t know why you’re so surprised. I watch movies, I see what people do.
Plane tickets and hotel reservations for a weekend away in San Francisco.
Yeah, there’s Fisherman’s Wharf and Alcatraz and cable cars. We’re gonna have so much fun.
Is there a problem?
You saw through that one, did you?
She watched it. I’m gonna get that girl back.
She was listening through the door. She wants me.
