Leonard, I’ve got terrible news.
Before I tell you, perhaps I should soften the blow. You’re face is pleasingly symmetrical.
A Swedish team of physicists is trying to scoop our super-fluid vortex experiment.
That kind of stinks? Why aren’t you more upset? Did I soften the blow too much? Because this here is more like a Picasso painting.
Perform the experiment immediately.
A month? What? Are you kidding me? That would have been a good time for you to soften the blow.
Thank you. Aren’t you sweet.
Did you know that I almost didn’t wear this shirt today?
But you won’t need much for that.
Not a chance.
He said be honest, so I was honest. Didn’t your mother tell you? It’s the best policy. So, what do you say?
He could’ve softened the blow.
Leonard, if that Swedish team beats us, I will never be able to enjoy anything from their country again. Which is a shame, because Swedish meatballs are my favourite toothpick-delivered meatball.
Where does he work?
How many questions are too many questions?
Four questions. There answer’s four.
What’s he say?
Really? You know I don’t like buying things at night. January 7th, 2009, I went to the Ralph’s at 11:30pm to pick up Cracklin’ Oat Bran for the morning and what did I see?
That’s right. And what did he do?
It’s like it was yesterday.
Of course I do. I don’t want that Swedish team scooping us.
Leonard, wait. This is highly unethical.
Was she helping him with his research?
Well, but where does he get the helium?
Uh, but this is violating university code.
Huh. All right, do it. Tell him we’re in.
I can’t find that quote on the Internet. Did you make that up?
Aren’t you just made of sugar.
Oh, of course. An nondescript, white panel van. You may be familiar with it from the sentence, their bodies were found in a nondescript, white panel van.
I’m Skippy. Skippy Cavanaugh.
Wait, hold on, hold on. How do we know that you’re not gonna take the money and drive away?
Exactly what 1970s television crime dramas have taught us. You give us the helium first.
Guess I’m not the only one who watches ’70s television crime dramas.
Well, he is. I’m a wedding planner who can’t find love himself. It’s ironic, but the point is we can’t trust you. You’re a sketchy character in a parking garage.
Well, I never thought of it like that. Boy, frame of reference will just sneak up on you, won’t it?
Not technically. In chess, a stalemate refers to a situation in which there are no remaining moves. Uh, you have plenty of moves available. You could beat us up and steal the money. You could kill us, you know. Really, you’re only limited by your imagination.
Not necessarily. Uh, many argue the essence of a Mexican standoff is that no one can walk away from the conflict without incurring harm.
Let me give you an example. Earlier today, I decoded the headers on your e-mail, and I know that your name is Kenneth Fitzgerald. From that, I figured out where you live and where you work. Now, to make this a Mexican standoff, I would say something like, uh, you give us the helium or I’ll turn you in to the authorities.
Yeah, exactly. See, you’re getting it.
Perfect. Now we really are in a Mexican standoff. Is this one of those times where I’ve won the battle but lost the war?
I told you we shouldn’t go shopping at night.
Space-time can be interpreted as the surface of an n-dimensional superfluid.
And I’m sorry I lied about being a wedding planner who can’t find love. Although I am currently single, if you know anybody.
Did you hear that, Leonard? There’s plenty we could do about it. Do you have a card?
Right this way, Uncle Harvey.
I’m trying not to attract attention.
She said buenas noches. What was he supposed to do?
Leonard, we should probably have our story straight in case we get caught.
Well, you can’t be sure of that. What if the helium dealer rats us out? What if Kripke asks where we got it? What if the university checks my family tree and finds out I don’t have an Uncle Harvey?
Uh-oh.
Well, did you see this sticker?
It’s partially torn off, but the segment that remains reads property of and the letter U.
Yeah, but what if it’s Property of U.S. Government? There’s a national helium reserve in Amarillo, Texas. If this was stolen from there, we’re accessories to a federal crime.
That’s true. There’s the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Department of Defence, U.S. Navy, you and I are going to jail.
Anyway, if you could just give us our money back, you can have your helium and we’ll be on our way.
He has glasses and I’m a know-it-all, we are not built for prison.
You’re taking advantage of us? We clarified nomenclature together.
I don’t understand.
Well, it better not be more than a thousand dollars. That’s all I’ve got on me.
Finally, something breaks our way.
Well, the Swedes might beat us, but at least we won’t get gang-noogied in prison.
It scared me straight, Leonard.
That’s preposterous.
I don’t like being extorted like this. Especially by him of all people.
How can you trust Wikipedia if they use between to refer to three parties?
Or amongst, if they were feeling whimsically archaic.
Absolutely. But don’t be surprised if this movie sets you on the straight and narrow.
