I’ve never applied for a patent before. I wanted to make a good impression.
Yeah, well, you’re an engineer. End of joke, burn.
That’s great.
Get a load of this guy.
That’s outrageous. This is our idea based on our research. How can you possibly justify owning a majority share?
I know when I’m beat.
Well, that’s not fair. We should all get plaques.
Couple of questions about the plaque.
Great, so they own my idea for a T-shirt that says Dumb as a Bag of Geologists.
To be clear, Leonard is referring to the gyroscope, not the T-shirt and mugs. Oh, now they own the mugs.
I’m fine with that.
It sounds like a, uh, contract might be in order.
But which one of us should be the party who…
So stipulated.
I’ll say it looks good. It’s in my proprietary font, Shelvetica.
You bet I did.
Excuse me. I’ve been drafting contracts since kindergarten. Didn’t need a lawyer to get me out of finger painting. Don’t need one now.
Hey, Leonard.
If she doesn’t think that we should apply for this patent, she’s being patently absurd.
Okay, you got it. See, I was afraid it was a thinker.
I wonder what they’re talking about.
Hello.
Are you suggesting a limited liability corporation? ‘Cause I did not L-L-see that coming.
Well, I believe I’m treating you generously. That’s why I’ve stipulated in the contract that your contributions to our invention are as valuable as my own.
No, I am not saying that, because I kept saying that this morning and Leonard said stop saying that.
Oh, please. Any contract I sign is enforced by my own personal code of ethics.
Yeah, that, too. And scoot over. Part of your shadow’s on my spot.
I’ll add it right now. Oh, baby, it’s addendum time.
The, the revisions I made start on page four.
Do you still like cilantro?
You’re tying my hands here.
Oh, I’ve always valued education over money. And the very fact that you needed a written guarantee of respect made me realize how dismissive I’ve been of your contributions.
And I just hope that this scholarship can rescue your child from the subpar education and menial life of an engineer.
What? I didn’t sign it yet.
