What is it?
Oh, I suppose that’s a discussion we could have.
Surprise.
Just one example of how birthdays can be terrible. Now, can we please drop this subject and pick a new one? I suggest how thick can a soup get before it becomes a stew? You know, the answer, it may surprise you.
Please, look at this porcelain skin. I’m like a human sink.
Fine. As you know, I have a twin sister with whom I obviously share a birthday. Every year we’d have a party. No one I invited would ever come, because they didn’t like me.
Oh, that part wasn’t so bad. I didn’t like them, either. But then I’d inevitably spend the whole day being tortured by my sister’s friends.
When I was six, they told me Batman was coming to my party. I waited by the door for hours. Closest thing to Batman I saw was when a robin flew into the window.
I do, but why do you care if I celebrate my birthday at all?
Very well. You may celebrate my life by throwing a party with cake, presents and a shower of admiration and love. But then you owe me big-time.
Uh, Mylar balloons, yes. Latex balloons, no. Water balloons, I will jump off the roof and aim for your car.
I enjoy marching bands and Tibetan throat singing.
Well, my favourite is chocolate with strawberry frosting, three layers, and if there’s writing on it, make sure it’s not all caps. I don’t need my dessert yelling at me.
Is there a reason I had to leave my own apartment?
But who’s gonna tell them they’re doing it wrong?
Oh. Thank you.
But this is my birthday suit. Are you having a stroke? Because that’s the kind of thing that just ruins a birthday party.
I am. Oh. Wait.
No, I just, I got a little light-headed.
No. No, if I can walk past that pet shop with the parrot in the window, I suppose I can do this.
Uh, um, uh, thank you all so much for coming. Beverly. Wil Wheaton. Adam West, for some reason.
Thank you. This is all so thoughtful. Excuse me.
How do you know I’m not using the facilities?
I don’t know. I looked around the room, and I saw all the faces and the presents, and it, it was just too much.
I know that you worked hard to put this together. I’m sorry I’m ruining it.
I don’t think I can go back out there.
Based on this pep talk, I’d say you’re still doing it.
Well, everyone will think I’m weird.
Hello, everyone. I, I’d like to apologize for my behaviour. I hope it hasn’t put a damper on the party. So, please, enjoy yourselves. Oh, this is quickly getting out of hand.
Aw, Amy, that was lovely. You know, this is fun. Let’s do more. Someone else say something wonderful about me.
Wolowitz, perfect. Everyone listen to Wolowitz.
Little generic. Keep thinking. We’ll circle back. Wil Wheaton, go.
That’s how you do it, Wolowitz. Now you see why he’s famous and you’re not.
And it was Sheldon Cooper who said let’s speed this up. A lot of people want to talk.
Oh. Oh, now, you know I hate change. Say it.
Thank you, Bernadette. That was perfect.
Thank you.
Thank you. That, that was wonderful.
Professor Hawking.
Thank you so much. I can’t believe you’re…
Oh, you’re singing. Well, I’m sorry.
You know, I used to hate these hugs. Now they’re just extremely irritating.
