Oh, Dr. and Mrs. Hofstadter, lovely to see you this fine morning.
Yeah, I am indeed. I have decided, instead of wallowing in sadness about Amy, it is time that I find myself a new female companion.
I realized something. When Amy was in my life, I was hyper-focused on my work and ignored her.
No, I need a new woman in my life to ignore so I can hyper-focus on my work again.
On oatmeal day?
Ooh, that’s a lot of carbohydrates for a man on the prowl. You know what? You eat it. You’re married, it doesn’t matter what you look like.
Thank you for coming by, gentlemen.
Well, it was the two of you who found Amy Farrah Fowler for me. Now that I’m looking for my next girlfriend, it seemed only logical that I employ your services once again.
Oh, no, it’s all right. I think of my time with Amy as a stick of Fruit Stripe gum. Sweet and enjoyable at first, but ultimately a flavourless lump of sadness.
Gentlemen.
All I’m looking for is an educated, intelligent woman who shares my interests while retaining her own unique point of view. She should be kind, patient, and most important, unable to imagine life without me by ten o’clock tonight.
All right, fine, she doesn’t need her own point of view. Now, chop-chop.
Are you sure? I’ve heard that on those sites, often when you think you’re corresponding with someone, it’s actually a computer program pretending to be a real person.
Excuse me. No one does a better job pretending to be a person than I do. Siri comes close, but I know more jokes.
Off the top of my head? Uh, prospective women weed themselves out in a battle of wits until only one champion remains, and she shows up at my door flush with the thrill of victory, and then sits quietly by my side while I watch Daredevil.
People compete for jobs and trophies, why not me?
And I have the soulful eyes of a cow.
Oh, we’ll make the puzzles extremely challenging to eliminate unworthy candidates.
That’s it. The Sheldon Cooper Girlfriend Challenge is officially live.
Right now, somewhere, a woman is dividing the atomic weight of the best noble gas by the number of colours in the oldest national flag still in use.
And, taking her first step towards a lifetime of laughter, love and, best of all, rules.
Golly, she sounds too good to be true.
Someone will show.
Someone will show.
Well, by that logic, I should be with someone short, dull and needy, eh? Not to cast aspersions, but I can’t shake a stick around here without hitting that.
One minute is a long time.
45 seconds is plenty of time for a woman to walk through that door and fall in love with me. You know, probably half that if I break out the old cow eyes.
Uh-oh. What if it’s Jennifer Lawrence?
Well, that last Hunger Games was not my cup of tea.
Oh, fine, I won’t shut my heart to the love of Jennifer Lawrence.
Sounds like a drama queen. Oh, no. It is Jennifer Lawrence.
All right. Can I help you?
Yes.
Careful, it’s addictive.
And just like that, you’re a Klingon-Sanskrit junkie.
I am a bit of a unicorn. Well, you certainly seem like a special lady, uh, but as you know, you missed the deadline, so thanks for playing.
She was late. And she found atomic spectroscopy boring. Well, I wouldn’t coitus her with your genitals.
