Is that the prototype drive system for the high-G rover?
According to a recent study, simply thinking about exercise, even while sitting still, can have physical benefits. For all you know, I could be exercising right now.
Nah, I’ll do it tomorrow.
Had me at flag, lost me at football.
Interesting. Sword fighting does hold a certain elegant appeal. And I would imagine it meets many of our personal criteria for a sport.
No throwing, no catching, no running.
Or worse, up.
And as an added bonus, the word touché comes from fencing. It would be our only opportunity to use it in a non-metaphorical sense.
Ah, touché.
Technically, swashbuckler is a combination of two terms. Swash referring to the sound of the sword. Swash. And then buckler meaning a small shield, which you don’t have.
We’re not afraid of physical activity.
Oh, dear.
Well, I’m not sure I have a dominant leg. They’re both pretty submissive.
Right. Always right.
Excuse me, Barry?
When can I stab one of my friends?
Uh, yes, I’m aware. But if I say I want to touch one of my friends, I’ll get called into Human Resources.
En garde, Leonard. Prepare yourself for a rigorous touching.
I’m looking forward to him teaching us glove-slapping.
You know, when my honour is insulted, and I need to challenge someone to a duel by slapping them across the face with my glove.
My last physical.
Ah, this is fun.
Not that it’s any of your business, but she broke up with me.
Good to know? What’s that supposed to mean?
Well, that’s unacceptable.
Yeah, but he’s dumb, and his face is dumb.
You really think so?
How dare you.
Barry, a word?
If you intend to pursue Amy, you leave me with no choice but to put a stop to it.
By challenging you to a duel.
That is why the duel will take place at high noon, three years from today. If you’re worth your salt as an instructor, I should be ready by then. Yeah, and be warned. I’m going to touch you all over.
Look at this blister. Like it or not, we’re athletes now. Besides, a bar is where I belong. I’m having female problems.
That’s ridiculous.
True, but Penny’s married, and so is Bernadette. And your girlfriend has red hair and white skin, which really rubs up against my clown phobia.
There’s that prostate doctor, but I’m still mad at her. Oh, there’s a woman. I’ll make her my girlfriend.
You’re forgetting something. Ladies love jocks.
Excuse me. I’m recovering from a recent breakup, and I’m told asking out another woman might make me feel better. And as Ash Ketchum said to Pikachu, I choose you.
It’s a Pokémon reference.
Well, we gave it a shot. How about you?
Ah, what might have been. And you, give my regards to Barnum and Bailey.
I smell funny. I taste salty.
And kind of delicious. I wonder how many licks it would take to get to the centre of me.
Hello.
You don’t have to leave.
I’m doing all right. I tried fencing today.
It was pretty easy. And I think my background in mathletics helped. Barry Kripke was there. I should let you know that he expressed interest in asking you out.
Okay. But don’t get too attached to him. in two years, 364 days, he’s a dead man.
Interesting. I asked two women out today, and they both said no.
I’ve been told it’s a good way to move on.
Thanks. And I taste good too.
