Would you pass the mustard?
Is it that the glucosinolates which give mustard its flavour were evolved by the cabbage family as a chemical defence against caterpillars?
Well, that was fun. Good for you, Leonard.
Well, I’d hardly call this kidnapping. Where’s the blindfold? Where’s the duct tape? Where’s the part where you call me and demand ransom and I try to keep you on the phone, but you hang up seconds before I can trace it and then I say I’m getting too old for this crud?
You’re seriously going to get in a van and let these two take you to an unknown destination for an entire weekend?
Oh, and how do you think you’re going to get me to do that?
Unhand me. This is ridiculous.
It’s bad enough I’m being taken against my will. I don’t see why it has to be in some hippie’s mobile sex dungeon.
It runs on syphilis?
No.
Yeah, and talked about physics with them.
Leonard, don’t be fooled. I’m from Texas, Me-hi-co is Spanish for Mexico.
Uh, mariachi bands, wild dogs, beans that jump around ’cause there’s a worm inside.
Viva la Imodium. Ay-ay-ay.
Uh-oh. According to this Mexican customs website, visitors may not bring more than five laser discs, 20 compact discs or 12 VHS tapes.
How can you be sure? VHS was king when Feynman drove this van. For all we know, there are hidden compartments lousy with Jane Fonda workout videos.
Are we all up to date on our yellow fever inoculations?
You can never be too careful. I got one last year before I went to Epcot.
It is extraordinary.
I usually don’t put too much stock in charms and talismans. However, even I must admit feeling Richard Feynman’s butt dent cupping my own bottom that does get the creative juices flowing.
What was that?
What if it’s banditos shooting at us? What if we get kidnapped? What if we end up in a factory making Bart Simpson piñatas for the rest of our lives?
Leonard?
I am getting too old for this crud.
If I see one scorpion, I am getting on someone’s shoulders and never coming down.
Right. Archimedes once said give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Everybody hold on. Let’s take this problem one step at a time. First, we need to decide whether we’re calling it leever or lehver. And the sooner we decide it’s leever, the sooner we can roll up our sleeves, not slehves, and get to work.
Ooh, the Green Lantern’s ring could make a big green hand that unscrews it.
Oh, please, the Hulk would never get across the border with that temper.
Yes, we could use science. But it’s your bachelor party. Lighten up.
Buddy you’re a boy, make a big noise playin’ in the street, gonna be a big man someday. You got mud on your face, you big disgrace, kickin’ your can all over the place. I have an eidetic memory. Sometimes it’s a curse.
What if that burning food attracts animals?
We do?
That’s not very nice.
What is that awful smell?
What an innovative solution. Perhaps I don’t give your MIT education enough credit.
All right, this rust, combined with the aluminium recovered from the van, is now thermite.
We blew up Feynman’s van.
