I’m glad to see you made it safely. How’s your hotel?
I know how you feel. The Best Buy by my house is only the third best Best Buy. They have the best buys, but having the best buys isn’t the only thing that makes a Best Buy the best Best Buy.
Mm, that’s a great question. I like when they’re next to a Chipotle.
All right. Enjoy the neurobiology conference.
At a neurobiology conference? What a mean thing to say.
Aw, you always know just what to say after I tell you what to say.
Bye. Oh, good news, gentlemen. Amy’s at a conference this weekend, which means I’m available to be entertained, hmm. As today’s youth might put it, who wants to get their Sheld-on?
That sounds awful. Raj?
That’s the one to beat. Leonard?
Well, then it looks like we have a winner. Congratulations.
Uh, stop selling it, kid. You won.
A doctor? Well, I hope you’re not contagious. I’ve got a weekend in the telescope room I’ve been excited about for almost three minutes.
Sexual insecurity.
Kind of a wuss.
Still hasn’t bought milk even though I told him two days ago.
What are you doing?
Hmm. What are you doing now?
Oh, I see. How about now?
Well, I can be helpful. Give me something to do. You know, my father took me to work once, and in ten minutes I figured out who’d been stealing from the cash register. It was my father. Yeah, Dad lost his job, but Mr. Hinckley gave me a Fudgsicle.
Yep, I’m on it. Hey, look at that, an Indian guy outsourcing a computer job to a white fella.
Found one.
But, look, an optical transient.
It wasn’t difficult. You know how when you see prime numbers, they appear red, but when they’re twin primes, they’re pink and smell like gasoline?
Oh. I guess I’m a special boy. You know, sometimes when a boy is special, he gets a Fudgsicle. Which, by the way, tastes like the speed of light.
Ooh, perhaps it’s a Heliosheath scintillation.
Maybe it’s a new planet.
Well, as long as it has a healthy gravity and all its moons, I’ll be happy.
Come on, Daddy needs a livable planet he can rule with an iron fist.
That’s it? How common. That’s the chicken fingers on the menu of space.
Yeah, me, too. I was stuck for a metaphor.
I suppose it could end up on a collision course with Earth and destroy life as we know it.
It is kind of cute.
We better choose a name no one can make fun of. Sir Frederick William Herschel didn’t do Uranus any favours.
That’s a great idea. I’ve got it. We’ll call it Cooper.
Koo from Koothrappali and per from Cooper.
Nah, you’re right, that’s dumb.
Oh, Leonard, great news. We discovered a medium-sized asteroid together.
Okay. Guess we’re gonna talk about you now.
Okay, back to me. I discovered an asteroid, and now I get to name it.
Now, this isn’t about us, this is about what’s best for the asteroid.
I haven’t settled on anything yet.
All right, way to go, Cat Poster. You hang in there.
It’s perfect. It appears romantic, but it’s really just a rock in space that gets me out of Valentine’s Day forever.
I like it. Yeah, we’ll take the A-M from Amy and, uh, the Y from Emily.
Exactly. See how well we work together?
Good news. You’re an asteroid.
Perhaps I should explain. While working with Koothrappali, we discovered an asteroid, and I named it after you.
Well, it took a little negotiating, but I wore him down. Uh, we get the asteroid, and if you and I have children, they all have to be named Rajesh.
Even the girls.
I miss you as well.
