Hello. I’m Doctor Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to Sheldon Cooper presents Fun with Flags, the final episode flagtacular. I knew it was coming. Still scary. Now, I’m sure you’re thinking, the final episode? Who will stand between us and flag ignorance?
But the truth is I can no longer balance a full-time career, a popular Internet show, and a girlfriend.
So as they say, all good things must come to an end.
233 if we include the one somebody forgot to press record on.
And you said you pressed record. Anyway, please sit back, relax, and join us as we take our final lap, as indicated by the waving of this racing flag. And, of course, white flags can also represent surrender, the Stewards of Gondor, and the Japanese Minamoto clan, but I’m sure you remember that from episode sixty-two, White Flags, Who’s Wavin’ ‘Em and Why?
It was so good.
Over the years here at Fun With Flags, we’ve had an opportunity to learn, laugh, wonder.
Like when you do a two-hour Fourth of July spectacular and it doesn’t get recorded.
How about four thousand. One for every domino I set up to make that American flag. Please enjoy these highlights.
Crikey, what flag do we have today?
And now it’s time for the speed round of Flag or Not a Flag.
I have no idea. Because the story of me sewing the first American flag is unsupported poppycock.
Don’t ask me. I’m just a simple seamstress whose descendants are out to make a quick buck.
Fancy a dip, my dear?
Wait, that purple flag indicates that marine pests, such as jellyfish, are present.
No. This is. Stop looking at my legs.
Welcome back. Our guest today is a returning fan favourite. He puts the reading in your rainbow, the Geordi in your La Forge, and the Kunta in your Kinte, Mr. LeVar Burton.
You do this, I delete your contact information.
While you watch me do it.
Well, since you’re here, I’d like to get your opinion on something. In honour of Black History Month, I portrayed George Washington Carver in a loving tribute that my roommate called wildly racist. What do you think? (On recording) Hi. My name is George.
You heard him, Leonard. No, it’s not racist.
Well, my little flag-keteers, it looks like the last episode of Fun with Flags is at an end. If I could, I would run each and every one of you viewers up a flagpole and salute you. And if you touched the ground, burn you. I’d like to take a moment to personally thank Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler, who you may or may not know is the first woman to co-host a flag or banner-related Internet info-tainment show.
And if I may get serious for a moment, hosting this show has been one crazy ride. But with all its ups and downs, I wouldn’t give it up for the world. Except for now, when I’m giving it up. Before I sign off, I’d, uh, I’d like to share with you all one last use for a white flag. It’s good for times like this. Good night.
If you didn’t press record…
Hello.
I posted the last episode of Fun with Flags hours ago, and not a single person cared enough to comment. All that effort for nothing.
It’s not the same thing. I don’t think you know how I feel at all.
Hmm. You do get me. Someone left a comment.
Too bad your show is done. I kind of liked it. Leonard, did you hear that? Oh, the people are heartbroken. I can’t take this away from the world. Fun with Flags is back.
Let’s celebrate.
Oh, no, I’m not going to drink it. I just wanted to hear the pop. Yeah, I knew it was coming. Still scary.
(Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton?
You told me not to call, and I didn’t know how else to give you the good news. Fun with Flags is back, and you can be in the next episode.
You, at least listen to the premise. Since you were born in Germany, I thought we could talk
