You know, speaking of attorneys, if I ever needed a lawyer, I would not hire She-Hulk.
Yes, but she’s the only monster at the firm. Between you, me and the wall, I think she’s an affirmative action hire.
Ugh. English pudding. You get yourself all excited for pudding, and here comes a cake with raisins in it. I’m not going.
Why do you hate me?
Well, you call it love, but it has a lot of raisins in it.
Yeah, I appreciate the ride.
Because in the last ten minutes, Santa came to town, kissed Mommy and ran Grandma over with a reindeer. I had a drunk uncle who did all those things. Nobody sings songs about him.
My uncle was accused of that, too. It turned out to be legal in Oklahoma.
Oh, we’re not exchanging gifts.
Why should I? She knows that I don’t like Christmas, and yet, every year, she forces me to celebrate it. Not only am I going to this foolish dinner against my will, at the Christmas tree lot, there was mistletoe, and she kissed me under it in public. Like we were the stars of a Tijuana sex show.
Yes, and she’s not taking my feelings into account at all. Maybe it’s time I teach her a lesson.
Hmm. It’d have to be something heinous, something that makes her as miserable as she’s making me. Oh, I’ve got it. This is good.
I’m going to buy her a present.
With gift-giving, there’s an implied social contract. If I show up tonight with a present, and she doesn’t have one for me, she’ll feel terrible.
Yes. Maybe she’ll feel so guilty, she’ll never make me celebrate the holidays again.
That’s right. So stay on my good side, or I’ll get you a little something, too.
No, it’s not good enough. It has to be perfect.
Hmm. Let’s see, what do I know about Amy? She loves medieval literature, Chaucer’s her favourite. And her eyes sparkle when she watches old French movies. I enjoy how harp music causes her fingers to dance as if she’s playing along.
I do. Now, let’s find the kind of gift that makes her feel small and worthless.
Correct.
There’s an argument for that. But I want to make sure.
If you like raisins.
Oh. Oh, in that case, it was pretty good.
Uh, what do you say we exchange gifts?
Yeah, I do. Which is why I got Amy this.
Oh, not just something, no. It’s from the heart, it’s holiday-themed, and I swallowed the gift receipt so you cannot return it.
Of course it is. It’s the perfect gift. How are you feeling right now? Guilty? Sad? Wishing you were Jewish?
Oh, really? Well, how about now? (On recording) Happy holidays to my dear Amy. I hope you treasure this as much as I treasure you. (Not on recording) And you got me nothing. Christmas is ruined. Let’s never speak of it again. Well, this was fun.
But what about our agreement?
Cookies?
They’re perfect. It tastes like her hugs.
I can’t believe this. You’re happy, I’m happy. Well, maybe a holiday that’s all about giving isn’t so… Get your hand out of that box.
