Oh, I think that sounds wonderful.
Yes, but tell me a dinosaur chicken salad sandwich wouldn’t hit the Mesozoic spot.
Hello.
Speaking of which, according to a recent study out of Oxford University, when someone takes on a new romantic partner, that person loses one or two close friends.
I go to the bathroom like everybody else.
Hello.
Oh, I like their emergency room. Yeah, even if it turns out you don’t have Dengue fever, they still let you take a lollipop.
I have some odd freckles on my buttocks. Can I make an appointment for you to look at them?
I miss Stuart’s place. All this loud music and exposed brick. What, is this a comic book store, or a rave at the third little pig’s house?
Oh, boy, if there is one thing that gets my goat, it’s those dad-gum insurance companies.
For starters, they shed and bite.
I’ll give you a plan right now. Step one, open comic book store. Step two, start rumour this comic book store gives you genital warts. Step three, buy a big bag to put the money in.
So, what are some ways we could set our comic book store apart from the competition?
Nice. You mean, like at parks and schools?
Yes.
On the bright side, that Oxford study was right. One friend down. I wonder who you’re going to lose next.
No. You’re crazy about me.
You know, the more I think about it, the more intrigued I am about having our own store.
And we’ll get to have fun interactions with our customers. Like, this isn’t a library, buy it or get out.
Yes, but as a store owner, I’ll finally have a good comeback to, You don’t work here, shut up.
I’m sure she did.
Because if she hadn’t, she’d still be wading through the list.
If only Penny had said that once in a while.
Yeah, he’s right. Once, in a moment of candour, I told Amy that her hair reminded me of a duck caught in an oil spill. She stormed out. Which was sad, because we were playing Scrabble, and I had all the letters to spell persimmon.
I know that if I had a wife or a fiancée, I’d ask her first before I invested money in a comic book store.
Yeah, well, of course I am. I was also right about her hair. It did everything but quack.
I’d like your honest opinion on something.
Now, before I start, I need you to know that I’m very excited about this, and anything you say that isn’t enthusiastically supportive will throw our entire relationship into question. So, keep an open mind.
Perfect. Now, I’m considering investing in Stuart’s comic book store.
No.
Great. Wait till you hear about our van.
It would’ve been so nice to have a place that was ours, where we could just sit and read comics in peace.
Well, I guess it was too good to be true.
