Hey, would you like to hear some songs I’ve rewritten to get children interested in the hard sciences?
There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. J-A-M-E-S, C-L-E-R-K space M-A-X-W-E-L-L, And James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o, A-M-E-S…
Perhaps you’d prefer this one. The itsy bitsy spider is not an insect at all, because it haseight legs and two body parts.
Thank you. Do either of you know Beyoncé? I’d love her to get behind it.
Hello.
All right, you can’t breathe our air without an inhaler, he’s allergic to Earth nuts, but I’m the alien.
Excellent.
I’ll tell you exactly what you should do, avoid the presumption of the Terran sensory input paradigm.
Any intelligent organism would at the very least need the ability to locate the position of objects in space. So the ideal interstellar lingua franca would be haptic.
I bet that started off as a joke, but by the third one you realized there was something strangely enjoyable about it.
I don’t recommend it. You’ll be doing it the rest of your life. Anyway, if you’re looking for Leonard, he’s with Koothrappali.
How nice. Here are some topics that interest me, quantum mechanics, trains, flags.
Oh, sorry. That’s not on the list.
Oh, wait. No. How about we split the difference and discuss why Austria was an archduchy and not just a regular duchy.
Hmm. I know exactly what you should do. Unfortunately, I cannot tell you.
I’m attempting to turn over a new leaf. Earlier today, it was pointed out to me that I tend to force my ideas on people.
No, that train has left the station. Now, we can play this one of two ways. You can say, trains, tell me more, or you can just look at me like that and I’ll start.
So, often on the front of the locomotive is a large iron wedge for clearing objects off the tracks. Now, while commonly known as a cowcatcher, I prefer the more accurate cow exploder.
Mmm.
Are you using trains to trick me into giving you advice?
All right, then. You should take a third train where you audition for the movie but hold off on making a career decision until you have more information.
Well, Penny, who’s smarter, the wise man or the person who comes to him for advice?
No, it’s the wise man. That’s why he’s called the wise man. You know how I know that? I’m the wise man.
Uh, just out of curiosity, why didn’t you ask Leonard for advice about this?
Ah, it’s just like he’s here.
It’s the eye of the tiger, it’s the ear of the bat, it’s the whiskers of the catfish and the walrus.
You didn’t let me finish. And also regarding the bat, it has sonar.
I’m sorry. I was trying to think of what rhymes with nose of the aardvark.
Well, well, well, did you hear that, Howard?
Certainly.
Get together tonight? Leonard, stop trying to control everything, and give poor Raj a chance to come up with what we should do. Go ahead, Raj.
Tonight works better for me.
Uh, building on that, we should order dinner.
Building on building on that, there’s a new build-your-own pizza place on Colorado.
Bah, you didn’t say building on. You’re out.
You’re out, and you’re out. I win. Who wants pizza?
Yeah, I never cared for that. It’s advertising to predator races just how soft and squishy we are.
Oh, don’t be offended. You know, of the four of us, you have the most veal-like consistency.
Perhaps Howard meant passive-aggressive like asking our group to help on your project, and then only choosing Leonard.
We looked great.
Yeah, and if he does ask you, go. It’s amazing.
Oh, I recommend that, too. That was a magical experience.
I sure did. Oh, my goodness. Well, from Jabba’s head to ice cream with Darth Vader, I’m having a heck of a ride. Yeah, look, clearly, good things happen when I’m in charge. Now, why don’t you boys step aside, let me knock this project out?
Leonard, who’s really in charge? The person in charge, or those who put him in charge?
No, the guy in charge is in ch… why is everyone so bad at these?
Greetings from planet Earth. Just turn left at Alpha Centauri. You can’t miss it.
