Two one six four two zero one nine eight nine. And that, little lady, is pi to a thousand places.
Oh, look, it’s the Scientific American that covered the paper Leonard and I wrote.
I have mixed feelings about doing interviews. I like the part where I talk. I do not like the part where the other man talks.
Well, that can’t be right.
All I did was answer a few questions about the theory. And then expressed my gratitude that Scientific American doesn’t include any of those smelly perfume cards.
Why? The theory he came up with just got mentioned in Scientific American. He ought to be thrilled.
Oh, maybe you’re right. He is kind of a lump.
Oh, I’d be incensed.
Squeaky wheel gets the grease?
Grass is always greener?
Well, I don’t know, we’re all Groot? Just tell me.
But it wasn’t my fault. I didn’t exclude him. And I didn’t write the article.
Oh, that kid. Poor Leonard.
For the record, that kid was a terrible choice. If you cry when you drop your churro, you do not have what it takes to rule England.
Leonard? Have you ever noticed that only my name is on the cable bill?
Good, good. And your name is on the electric bill and mine isn’t. And I’m okay with that.
Oh, right. This is a disaster.
Okay, I have to tell you something, but you’re not going to like it.
An article was just published in Scientific American about our theory.
No. No, they loved it. They, uh, couldn’t say enough nice things about it.
You know how the PennySaver only has my name…
They didn’t mention you in the article. Only me.
I know. It’s not fair. Let the anger go, buddy. You just, you relax all your muscles. Except for your pubococcygeus and anal sphincter. Let’s keep those tight.
It is. They’re what hold back the urine and the faeces. Look, maybe, maybe you shouldn’t read it. It’ll only make you feel worse.
You should know I had nothing to do with that.
You know, you’re right. Yeah. You know, it’s like when Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created Spider-Man. Stan Lee may get all the credit, but Steve Ditko knows he was just as important. Even though Stan Lee gets to be in all the Marvel movies. And. and he’s far richer. And he’s a household name, you know? Whereas, you know, you say Ditko, and that sounds like a company that makes Dits.
Well, I’d give more examples, but, well, everyone in your position’s so forgettable.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
I spoke to the reporter at the magazine.
I did.
He said they made the editorial decision to only cite the lead scientist.
Well, I know it was your idea, but the reporter said he’s been following my work for a while, and the only reason they even mentioned it in the magazine is ’cause my name is on it.
Well then what if I told you that I added your name to the cable bill?
Oh. That’s just as well. They had me on hold for 20 minutes and I hung up. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? Also, Wolowitz invited us all to dinner, so I’m ready whenever you are.
All he had was an idea.
Oh, please. I have ideas all day long. Reverse SeaWorld where dolphins are allowed to pet people. A new clothing size between medium and large called Marge. Snow White retold from the point of view of Sneezy. Why won’t Doc prescribe him something? We finally find out.
Fine. Then Grumpy, what’s he so grumpy about? Maybe his girlfriend won’t take his side.
Is it my fault I have a much bigger reputation than he does?
Is it my fault that my name came first on the paper alphabetically?
Is it my fault that when the reporter cited me as the lead scientist I didn’t correct him?
Hi. Hello. Oh, and a special hello to Leonard, who needs to be mentioned by name.
But you got it, right?
Of course.
Indeed. Penny, a salon is a gathering where intellectuals entertained each other with sparkling conversations about issues of the day.
Next Gen. Penny, Next Gen refers to Star Trek…
I don’t believe it matters what the topic is. What’s crucial for a salon is that we conduct the discussion in an elevated and insightful way. It’s all about the execution.
Yeah, good for you, Leonard. That’s a lovely little notion. Kind of like, I wish I could talk to my uncle in Chicago. Yeah, now stand back while I invent the telephone. Hello? Oh, hold on. Leonard, it’s your uncle. He says you just got burned.
Well said, old chap. I thought eloquence had died, here it stands before us. Starting today, it’ll go Gettysburg Address, I have a dream, and what he just said.
Leonard, please. His mother just died.
Yeah, so are you.
Leonard, lots of people could’ve had that idea, but very few people could’ve worked out the math the way I did.
Oh, well, apparently Leonard thinks he’s better than everyone in the whole world, including those fighting for our freedom. Yeah, well, I don’t know about you, but I support our boys overseas.
Hey, you already ruined Thor, give it a rest.
I didn’t hog anything. Unlike you and that weird lasagna with raisins in it.
She said my name first, that must kill you.
You see, Penny, the Israelites were in the desert…
Hang on. Physics Today mentioned the paper.
They did.
