I recently read that during World War Two, Joseph Stalin had a research program to create supersoldiers by having women impregnated by gorillas.
Yeah, the correct animal for interspecies supersolider is koala. You would wind up with an army so cute it couldn’t be attacked.
The answer is cuddly soldiers with big flat noses. Moving on.
I’m sensing awkwardness, am I right?
Swish.
It was like the rest of the class wanted Ms. McDonald to forget the quiz.
(Knock, knock, knock) Mrs. Davis. (Knock, knock, knock) Guess who?
(Knock, knock, knock) That’s right, good job. Hello. Uh, you wanted to see me?
Thank you. I assume you’d like to reopen our dialogue about the university forcing me to continue with string theory?
That’s the one. I believe you went last, so, uh, please?
Wow. Pouting and running away actually worked. I must say, that may not be a lesson you want to reinforce with me. So, um, what is the solution?
But if I’m a professor, then I’ll have to teach a class.
So your solution is to promote me and pay me more money so that I can impart my knowledge to the next generation of scientists?
You people are sick.
Awful. They’re allowing me to move on from string theory, but they made me a junior professor and are requiring me to teach a class.
What a stupid question.
I can’t believe I have to waste my time babysitting a bunch of grad students who probably think dark matter is what’s in their diapers.
Wrong, Just because I enjoyed that one doesn’t mean I always do.
A valid point, but unoriginal. B-minus.
Yeah, well, of course I do. Listen to it. It’s like an earful of melted caramel.
It is true that many of my heroes have taken students under their wings. Feynman, Einstein, Professor X. Humorously, in the case of Professor X, some of his students actually had wings. That’s rich. I’ll use that one to lighten the mood after my entire class fails the midterm.
There is no class.
No one signed up.
I called the department secretary to see what happened. Apparently, I have a reputation for being obnoxious.
No, it’s fine. Now I can devote all my time to dark matter.
Oh, yes. Fig Newtons. I was going to ask them which scientist both helped to develop calculus and had a famous cookie named after him? And then after someone said Newton, I was going to tell them they’re wrong. The cookies are named after a town in Massachusetts. And then I’d throw the cookies away.
Why would you do that?
Oh, Howard. I appreciate the gesture, but this is a graduate-level physics class. I don’t think you’d understand a single thing I was talking about.
No.
How would you determine the ground state of a quantum system with no exact solution?
Hmm. Do you know how to integrate X squared times E to the minus X, without looking it up?
Okay. Um, what is the correct interpretation of quantum mechanics?
No.
You take that back.
I am trying to prepare my lesson plan for Howard. Why are you telling me this?
Amy, please. I am trying to figure out a way to intellectually emasculate a dear friend of mine.
Not now.
Oh, I’m working on my lesson plan for Wolowitz. He is going to be so lost. Look at this section over here. Even I don’t really understand it.
I’m a teacher, Leonard. It’s my job.
Oh, it’s no trouble, it’s actually a pleasure.
Interesting point. You’re suggesting that I have emotional issues below my consciousness which drive my behaviour, thus causing me to lash out at anything or anyone that threatens my intellectual superiority.
Leonard?
Howard’s allergic to peanuts. How can I use that against him?
Okay, now that everyone’s here, we can begin.
I suppose that’s a fair request. There’s no reason we both can’t benefit from this experience.
Okay. Well, then, uh, first things first. Um, are you familiar with the Brachistochrone problem?
Good. And how it relates to the calculus of variations?
Wonderful. Now, what about Euler-Lagrange theorems?
Ha! I knew it. All right. We have a lot of information to cover before your first test. Which, by the way, is in eight minutes. The good news is I’m grading on a curve, so you’re pretty much guaranteed a C.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Will you stop it. This is a classroom. This is not American Bandstand.
Now, where was I? Let’s see. Oh, yes. Over here. You… What are you doing now?
Why?
You’re not going to do that, and I’ll tell you why. This is an institution of higher learning, I am your professor, and you’re going to treat me with the prop… You shot your spit in my mouth!
Can’t talk. Spitball. Probably gonna die.
Well?
Are you sure? It just doesn’t feel as innocent as it used to.
You violated the sanctity of my mouth.
I told you you weren’t smart enough to take it.
Yeah, try me.
Young’s modulus.
Laminate the core material.
Thank goodness I got it. Now I can quit checking my stool.
Oh! It’s not even Easter time. This is crazy.
