Well, my mother’s been there for every honour I’ve won since I beat out my twin sister for the did it on the potty trophy. How does this look?
You act like I didn’t get you that mushroom log on Valentine’s Day.
Maybe they’ll be best friends. One of them is brilliant, one is sweet and simple. Sound familiar?
Oh, thank you, Mother.
Oh, it’s quite straightforward, actually. It describes a new model of the universe that conceptualizes it as the surface of an n-dimensional superfluid.
What did they feed the lions, Mother?
Listen, Leonard’s mom is a renowned psychiatrist and woman of science. Can you please keep the Bible babble to yourself while she’s here?
Of course not. I love you. I’m just embarrassed by the things you believe, do and say.
Oh, Doctor Hofstadter, it’s so good to see you again.
Oh, thank you.
Doctor Hofstadter, I want you to meet my mother, Mary.
Beverly, would you like to see the math I worked out to support our hypothesis?
Ooh, good question. Everyone loves stories about Sheldon Cooper, boy genius.
Ooh, this is a good one.
Tell her about the uranium. Tell her about the uranium.
But I wasn’t. ‘Cause I didn’t have any friends.
I was a handful.
Oh, and here’s a picture of me receiving my bachelor of science degree.
Well, I had just begun puberty. It was figuratively and literally one of the hairiest moments of my life.
Oh, true. But all the clenching in the world will not keep testicles in your abdomen.
You remember my mother.
Oh, no, not at all. No, we, uh, found a place online that, uh, repurposes diamond drill bits.
Oh, sure.
You mean the box, right?
Did I misspeak about the ring?
Do you mean what marine biologists refer to as super weaning?
Well, now I have to correct you. As a bit of an elephant seal buff, the more accurate comparison would be when two mother seals actively seek to nourish the same pup. So I believe the term you’re looking for is a double mother suckler.
Okay, well, now that we have the terminology straightened out. How dare you.
It is not my fault that your mother likes me better than she likes you.
Oh, it’s all right. She’ll forgive you. She has to or she goes to hell.
Well, you doled out affection as a reward for achievement, a proven way to raise a child. Or train a rat.
I’d feign modesty at this point, but who would believe me? Still, you need to consider how successful Leonard’s brother and sister are.
While my brother and sister are mouth-breathing idiots.
Perhaps. But my mom made me spaghetti with chopped-up hot dogs whenever I wanted, so who cares?
I taught her that.
