Before you leave, could you test these noise-cancelling headphones?
Okay. Go ahead.
Aw, now I’m sad I didn’t hear it.
Well, I’ve been struggling for months to come up with a theory of dark matter that doesn’t make protons decay. I’m hoping to finally tackle it by optimising my work environment. See, I’ve got, uh, my tea is at the perfect sipping temperature. Uh, I have fleece-lined boxer shorts to keep my tushie toasty. And then, oh, last but not least, this inspirational cat poster improved with the reassuring face of physics renegade Richard Feynman.
Oh, I will, nothing more fun than a paradigm-shifting evening of science.
Okay. Here we go. Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay.
How could there be, with these constant interruptions?
I’m not going to work today. And would you like to know why?
Like a big old baby.
I’ve been cooped up in here too long. Maybe I need some fresh air.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
You sounded in distress. I was worried something unpleasant was happening to you. Like a murder. Or spontaneous coitus with Leonard.
Well, if you hate it, then why are you doing it? Although I could ask the same question about coitus with Leonard.
And to clarify?
I’m not going. Would you like to know why?
Boy, I’m not nearly as mysterious as I think I am.
Yeah, I was, but after talking to Penny, I realised something. I, first, she’s trying much harder to stay attractive in this relationship than you are. And second, the reason I may not be progressing in my research is I’ve created too pleasant of an environment for myself.
According to a classic psychological experiment by Yerkes and Dodson, in order to maximize performance, one must create a state of productive anxiety. So I’d like to ask you all to do something for me. Keep me on my toes. Just throw me off my game. Essentially, go out of your way to make my life miserable.
Well, I suppose…
Done.
You know, I don’t want to tell you how to do your job, but when a mouse completes a maze, it gets a food pellet.
And his last meal was a food pellet? You’re a monster.
Very well. And good luck, I’m a pretty laid-back guy.
I’m sorry, I was aiming for your heart.
Who eats them horizontally?
Perhaps this was a waste of time.
Thank you.
Only do solid research? I come to you for help, and you insult me? I thought the least that you would do would be…
Really? Oh, that’s fantastic. Now, wait, they’re dropping. Why are they dropping?
Oh, that is infuriating. Ooh, look, they went back up again. Terrific. Oh, no, they went back down.
Gentlemen, I have figured out the perfect way for you to irritate me. I’d like you to be my intellectual sparring partners. From now on, when I make an assertion, I need you to challenge it.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, no, it will. See, by keeping my mind engaged, I’ll become more focused.
Stop fighting me on the premise. It’s scientifically valid. I’m going to advance propositions, I just want you to challenge me.
Why, of course it’s what I want. Why would I say it’s what I want if it’s not what I want?
I ask you for one simple thing, and you can’t even do it.
Yeah, well, then do it.
You guys are the worst. Thank you, I think that was helpful.
(Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies?
Ladies.
Well, as you may know, I’ve been experimenting with elevated anxiety levels, and I thought, what better way to increase my discomfort than to subject myself to an evening of tasteless uncensored crotch talk?
Well, conversations that you wouldn’t be comfortable having in front of the opposite sex. You know, who has the best cervix. Which sanitary napkin is all the rage right now. Men’s buttocks, and how you want to pat and squeeze them.
And how difficult it is to do when she’s bloated, cranky and crampy? Continue.
You talk about if werewolves can swim? See, Leonard says yes, but I say it depends on if the human could swim before he was bitten. What do you think?
Thank you. Oh, and technically, it’s apples that turn into were-oranges when the moon is full. Hey, this is fun. We should do it sometime when you aren’t all PMS’ing. Bye.
Oh. Uh, I need to keep my anxiety at the right level, so I’m using Darth Vader, the Joker, and Godzilla’s roar to keep me in that sweet spot. Uh, I tried including Taylor Swift in the mix, but turns out I love her.
Boy, Taylor was right, haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
Of course.
Yeah.
I can do both. My brain is working at optimal capacity. I can have a conversation with you and solve the dark matter proton decay problem at the same time.
Oh, you said it.
I know. It’s replaced Godzilla as my principle source of anxiety.
He is getting a lot of work done. He had a pretty interesting take on proton decay.
That nagging tone is helping my anxiety, yeah. But if you could maybe just go ten percent less shrill, that’d really put the zip-a-dee in my doo-dah.
There you go, perfect.
But after months of struggling, I’m finally making progress.
Or do I, hmm? Sir Isaac Newton wrote his Principia while convinced he was an armadillo.
Yeah, well, maybe it is, maybe it isn’t. I have been hallucinating lately.
Amy, I have gotten more done in the last few days than I have since I made the switch to dark matter. What if I stop doing this, and it all goes away?
Hmm, perhaps. But I’m not taking the cap off.
Oh, really? What if I don’t? And before you answer that, can I have my dessert?
And then she threw me out. Me, her very own boyfriend. When all I’ve done is try to help humanity reach of the world we live in.
I knew you’d understand, Armadillo Isaac Newton.
Hey. What are you trying to pull? The president of science isn’t in here.
Okay. Hey, I thought you were trying to trick me.
No, no, comfort is the enemy. You know what’s comfortable? Slippers and blankets and panda bears. Imagine a panda bear with Richard Feynman’s face on it. Warm up the car, Leonard, it’s poster time.
No, I don’t want to go to sleep, you can’t make me.
Yeah, darn straight, you can’t. Try to tell a grown man to go to sleep.
That’s not gonna work.
Oh, I’m feeling much better. And I’ve also been continuing to make progress without artificially raising my anxiety levels.
Of course not.
