I know the real reason you never made progress with that idea. You thought of it September 22nd, 2007. Two days later, Penny moved in, and so much blood rushed to your genitals, your brain became a ghost town.
I remember it distinctly because I had just composed my annual poem commemorating the anniversary of Dr. Seuss’s death.
Why, die. Why did he die? Old, told. I was told he was old.
Oh, really? Since meeting her, what have been your greatest accomplishments?
Well, don’t feel bad. I think we’ve all been distracted since the girls entered our lives.
Oh, very much so. Listen to this. This is from two days ago. Hi. Hope you’re having a good day. Who has time for this constant sexting?
I’m not going to a cabin in the woods. Did you see the movie Cabin in the Woods?
A hotel? Did you see The Shining?
Did you see The Lake House?
Yeah, well, no, not to them. To me. Time traveling mailbox. The only time that traveled was an hour and half of my life down the toilet.
Well, you didn’t suggest a beach house.
Well, good Lord, no, have you seen Jaws?
Yeah, one would assume, on getting out of the pit.
Thinking caps on.
Really?
Yeah, I have it on Blu-ray. We should watch it.
I’m sorry. Is that a no?
I did not get a clear answer. I’m gonna set this down now.
Wait. I’m confused. Why would you need both a robot girlfriend and a robot prostitute?
You know, a number of significant innovations have been inspired by science fiction. The, the geosynchronous satellite from Arthur C. Clarke. The Motorola flip phone, that came from Star Trek. And I’ve long suspected that the idea of an African-American president was stolen from the movie Deep Impact.
If we could figure out the scientific basis for Marty’s hover board, that would have universal application.
I think I have the same one.
Wait. Whoa, whoa. Is placed right?
Is placed the right tense for something that would have happened in the future of a past that was affected by something from the future?
That’s my boy.
Yeah, but he had will haven’t placed it!
Unlike Hot Tub Time Machine, this couldn’t be more simple. When Biff gets the almanac in 1955, the alternate future he creates isn’t the one in which Marty and Doc Brown ever use the time machine to travel to 2015. Therefore, in the new timeline, Marty and Doc never brought the time machine…
Marty and Doc never had have had brought?
Oh, I’m going with it. Marty and Doc never had have had brought the time machine to 2015. That means 2015 Biff could also not had have had brought the almanac to 1955 Biff. Therefore, the timeline in which 1955 Biff gets the almanac is also the timeline in which 1955 Biff never gets the almanac. And not just never gets. Never have, never hasn’t, never had have hasn’t.
Do you know that the word wiener comes from the German name of the Austrian capital Vienna, or Wien?
I don’t think it worked.
Oh, this is already better. There are far fewer distractions in here.
Well, I wonder if anyone’s tried that.
Yeah, he’s right. Oh, here’s a thought. What if we use some form of operant conditioning techniques to keep us from getting off topic?
Yeah, exactly. Did you know those techniques were used to actually teach pigeons to play ping-pong?
Mmm, not bad. You know, in medieval times, idle chatter was punished with a device called the scold’s bridle. It’s an iron cage that’s locked around the head and pierces the tongue.
Oh, I’ll check Amazon.
Wait, a question, who decides if someone’s gone off topic?
Ow. We didn’t vote!
You said quantum coupling. That made me think of the show Quantum Leap. That’s a tangent and it’s your fault.
Ow. That was your fault.
I think you mean positive punishment. Negative reinforcement is the removal of a positive stimulus. It’s a common mistake.
Oh, it’s used incorrectly all the time. Even Bill Murray makes that mistake in the first scene of Ghostbusters.
Leonard’s right. We can’t just jump ahead. We have to watch the whole movie.
But we didn’t see them bust one ghost.
No.
