He’s right. And given that you’re probably still waiting to be picked for a game that was played in fifth grade, I’m sure you do suck.
Well, not just him. May I remind you that you’re talking to the seeker, beater, chaser and water boy of the third place Griffith Park Quidditch team.
Did you enjoy my lecture?
Well, if you’re going to serve Cornish game hen, you should either be familiar with the history of Cornwall or be prepared to learn it.
Good, I had Cornish game hen.
I missed a number of date nights while I was on my train trip, and I’m contractually obligated to make them up under the terms of the Relationship Agreement.
If you’re free tomorrow night, I’d love to have you join us on a double date.
Oh. Well, then come or don’t. I don’t care.
At our committee meeting, Amy made a motion for a picnic in a park, but I tacked so many amendments on that thing it sank like a lead balloon.
Yeah, which I was initially sceptical of until I saw online that they serve Yorkshire pudding.
No, it’s yucky, but informing people about the history of Yorkshire is yummy, yum-yum.
Ignore them, Amy. They’re just jealous because they’ll never have a relationship as good as ours.
I wasn’t making a joke, I was merely stating fact. Amy and I have a superior relationship to yours.
Leonard, I assumed you knew. The ranking of relationships in our circle by quality is me and Amy, Howard and Bernadette, Raj and his girlfriend, Penny and Chardonnay, Penny and you.
For starters, we enjoy spending time together.
It’s called parallel play.
Not as well as we do.
Oh, listen to them. Not even married and the honeymoon’s over.
If you’ve got a problem basing a relationship on a contract, I’d like to tell you about 13 plucky colonies that entered a relationship agreement called the U.S. Constitution. And it may not be cool to say so, but I think that love affair is still pretty hot today.
May I have one of your fries?
Absolutely not.
It has avocado on it. She’s allergic to avocado. Are you so jealous of our relationship you want Amy to die?
Everything is quantifiable. That French fry? A seven. Spider-Man? A nine. The number nine? Oddly, only a four.
No, I’m not. French fries have three variables, crispiness, saltiness and shape. Which is why a curly fry only gets a two. If I wanted curls for dinner, I’d order a clown wig.
Not according to the work of Berscheid, Snyder and Omoto.
Yeah, not to be confused with the French Fry Goodness Inventory. That’s pure Cooper.
It’s been around for 25 years, and has been extensively corroborated by other researchers.
Kind of? It does it perfectly.
Why? We won. You know, I say, next, we take on Koothrappali and his dog. Really give ourselves a challenge.
The answer is one simple test away. Hmm? You know, it’s like when I thought there was a possum in my closet. Did I sit around wondering? No, I sent Leonard in with a pointy stick and a bag.
Or a one. A one is possible.
We got an eight-point-two. Trust me, you’re happy.
Whoa. Nobody said anything about watching the game.
I expected to see Howard throw the baseball, finish my hot dog, and hightail it across the street to Disneyland just in time for Mickey’s Soundsational Parade.
Who’s the bobblehead of?
No, as long as it bobbles.
Okay, new plan. We go to Disneyland, play hide and seek on Tom Sawyer’s Island, and then come back and see the end of the pitch.
He makes a valid point.
