Oh, good. You’re back.
As you know, Amy and I have been together a long time, and a lot of things I never thought possible now seem possible.
Do you want to say it?
Sarcasm?
Okay. That was tricky, ’cause when it comes to alcohol, she generally means business.
No. It’s true. It means that we care so much about each other, there’s enough left over for an eight-ounce reptile.
After much deliberation, we’ve determined that a turtle is the ideal pet. They don’t shed fur, they don’t make noise.
Yeah. And if he ever goes berserk, I know I can outrun him. Coincidentally, that’s also why I chose you as a roommate.
Oh, dear Lord. Oh, dear Lord.
That was a lot of puppies.
Oh, I don’t know. He kind of looks like a jerk. How about this one?
I know. I like him, too. Hi, little guy. How’d you like to come home with us? You’ll be living with me because we don’t live in the same house.
Or if they accept Daddy’s application to live on Mars.
Oh, there’s this company that’s attempting to establish a colony on Mars, and I applied to be among the first to go. What should we name him? You know, I came in thinking Seth, but he kind of looks Italian.
Would you have approved?
Well, based on your reaction, it looks like I made the right choice. Isn’t that right, Giuseppe?
I can’t believe you almost had me bring a wild animal into my home.
I was playing Got Your Nose. That’s how you get children to like you.
Ugh, this again. Amy, I’ve already had one new hole torn in my body today. I don’t need another one.
So you’re saying you wouldn’t leave me for the chance to be one of the first humans to colonize another planet?
Huh, that’s exactly what Leonard, Wolowitz, Koothrappali, Bernadette and Penny said.
First of all, this has only made me stronger. But beyond that, all I did was fill out an application.
Is there anything I can do to cheer you up?
What if I play the Star Trek theme on my nose?
Yep, you’re mad.
I was going to make you red zinger, but since Mars is the red planet, I went with peppermint.
Actually, as part of the application, I was required to make a short video answering that very question. You want to see it?
But I made a video.
I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and I’d like to tell you why I should be chosen to go to Mars. I’m exceedingly smart. I graduated college at 14. While my brother was getting an STD I was getting a PhD. Penicillin can’t take this away. Being in close quarters, cleanliness is important and my hygiene is impeccable. In fact, animals don’t trust me because I smell like nothing. Literally nothing. During the seven-month space flight, I can keep up morale with my wacky sense of humour. Hey, Leonard, is there any peanut brittle left in that can?
Yes. Open it and check.
But on a more serious note, the most important reason I want to go to Mars is that I believe, as a scientist, it’s my duty to push the boundaries of human knowledge forward. Now, I know that life on Mars will be difficult. But life here on Earth is no picnic. Also, picnics are no picnic. Where should we go for lunch? Oh, I know, the ground. In conclusion, thank you for considering me for this journey of a lifetime. To Mars.
Afterwards, Leonard blew his nose, and pie came out.
Why? I really don’t understand what’s happening here.
Amy. Oh, why didn’t I give her Sleepy Time tea? Amy, wait. Getting a turtle meant a great deal to me, too.
Do you want me to withdraw my application?
And in that future, are we on the same planet? Because I’ve seen people make the long-distance thing work.
Okay. Does that planet have to be Earth?
I am. Yeah, if I’m going to a barren, lifeless environment where the chances of survival are slim to none, I want you there with me. Why don’t we go back to the apartment, and fill out your application?
Oh, I know. We could be the first to plant a flag on Mars. We could be the first to watch Mars Attacks! on Mars. We could be the first to say good lord, what on Mars are you talking about?
You just can’t keep it in your space pants, can you?
They would, wouldn’t they? We could give them cool Martian names. And we could teach them about Martian history. Like, who planted those flags? And, uh, where did that copy of Mars Attacks! come from?
Good idea. And since you’ve had such a rough day, I’m gonna let you throw the pie in Leonard’s face.
