Oh, that’s nonsense. I proclaimed my love for you. And the last time I looked into your eyes was when you thought you had conjunctivitis.
Yeah, but we don’t have to debate this. We’re scientists. We can conduct our own research. I propose that we imprison two street people and…
You didn’t even let me finish.
So, you can experiment on all the apes you want. But I want to manipulate the emotions of two captive human beings, suddenly I’m the monster.
In the interest of science, I’d be willing to.
Yes.
Uh, fun fact, pontificate comes from the Latin word pontifex, which means bridge builder or Pope.
Just out of curiosity, Penny, if this experiment does make us fall in love, would you drive me to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin for Gary Con? It’s the only convention celebrating the life and work of Gary Gygax, the co-creator of Dungeons and Dragons.
Okay, babe, let’s do this.
You ready to begin?
Correct. You’re not supposed to drink alcohol when operating heavy machinery.
Well, as a Texas gentleman, I’m inclined to say ladies first. Although, I’m concerned that level of politeness and charm might make you fall in love with me before the test even begins. Perhaps we should flip a coin. Or if you’re familiar with the rules of Rock, Paper, Scissors…
Hmm. Living or dead?
Ah, that’s just as well. As much as I’d love to meet Euclid, inventor of the geometric proof, he probably wore sandals and I cannot look at toes during dinner. Oh, I know, the person I’d most like to have dinner with is myself.
Well, I haven’t. And while they say never meet your heroes, I just don’t see how I could disappoint. Who would you choose?
Oh, I didn’t think of Iron Man. You know, maybe after myself and I have dinner, we can meet you two for dessert.
What would constitute a perfect day for you?
That’s it?
You didn’t mention Leonard.
I don’t think so. Leonard can’t stand yoga, the beach, massages or dancing.
Uh, I wake up. Uh, I enjoy some French toast with butter and syrup. Uh, then a wormhole opens, and whisks me millions of years into the future where my towering intellect is used to save the last remnants of mankind from a predatory alien race.
Who do you think made the French toast with butter and syrup?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
I don’t think you’re taking this seriously.
I believe what you’re doing is using humour to avoid vulnerability.
Ha. Keep dreaming.
When are we going to get robot eyes?
Well, what I meant was I often misinterpret how others are feeling. Like, I can’t always tell if someone is only joking or laughing at me. You know, like, uh, if they’re mad at something I’ve done or just in a bad mood. It, it’s incredibly stressful.
Well, I’m not. And if I could read people’s minds, life would be so much simpler.
Thank you.
You sure it’s not too much Bible juice?
So, it would be today? Huh. Well, I suppose there’s something satisfying about dying on my birthday.
Yes.
Well, I don’t enjoy presents. And the thought of people jumping out and yelling surprise fills me with more dread than the words George Lucas Director’s Cut.
The point of the experiment is to be completely honest with each other.
Thank you.
You’re making it difficult to love you right now.
That’s it. We’re done with the questions.
Okay. Wait, hang on. Bladder check. We’re good to go.
Yes.
We’re not supposed to talk during this part.
This is kind of creepy.
Well, you have a brown fleck in your right iris that looks like a Formula One race car. So I’m just concentrating on that. Plus, it’s easier around people that I’m comfortable with.
Of course you are, I’m warm and soothing. I’m like a human bowl of tomato soup.
Oh. Well, I suppose I do think of you as a sister. And sometimes, a mother.
What?
It was a Monday afternoon. You joined us for Indian food.
Yeah, and you’re still eating our food.
I remember it perfectly. But I have an eidetic memory. If you’re interested, I also remember how much you owe us for the food.
No, it wasn’t. Uh, now let’s tabulate the results of the experiment. I think it’s safe to say that you’re not in love with me and I’m not in love with you. And psychology has once again proved itself the doofus of the sciences.
And I, you. And yes, that’s how you say that. Yeah, so, given our newfound intimacy, I’d say we have some hard choices to make.
Gary Con, do we fly or drive? Do we wear costumes? And if so, who gets to be Gary?
Thank you for walking me home.
Well, this is me. It’s been a very interesting evening.
Aah! And after I let you be Gary.
