Oh, yeah, I’d have to say it’s the most exiting time in the history of the field.
I started doing it.
Why not?
Perhaps the emotion you’re referring to was shock at you having something cleaned.
Sheldon:Are they making fun of us?
I miss the old days when I couldn’t tell.
I’m always busy. This mind is capable of advanced multitasking. You know, currently, I’m attempting to solve the Penrose conjecture, I’m composing my Nobel acceptance speech for when I’ve solved the Penrose conjecture, and I’m wondering how mermaids have babies.
Now I’ve got room for another thing. What do you want?
Well, I’m from Texas and you’re from India, we’re no strangers to the fragrant armpit. Next.
Yeah, I have a lactose intolerant roommate with a taste for ice cream. Next.
Yeah? We have to be somewhere.
So it’s settled, we’re not doing it.
Interesting. You’re suggesting that we recreate the conditions of the mine to see if we can handle it.
Very well.
Well, I’ll just Google hot, dark and moist, see what comes up.
Oh, there, well, look, there’s all kinds of videos.
Well, according to my research, the steam tunnels below this access point should be the closest analog to the mines.
Plus, there’s almost no chance we’ll see any of our coworkers half naked.
All right, Amy, this walkie-talkie is yours. If we run into any problems, I’ll contact you. And if anything bad happens, what’s the rule?
Well, admittedly, this brushes up against my well-known aversions to heat, small places, going below floor-level, dampness, hatches, ladders, darkness, echoes, and eliminating in Home Depot buckets. That last one is quite new, but I have a feeling that’s gonna rocket to the top of the list.
Yeah, as the person beneath you, allow me to say, I know.
Uh, let’s see. 704? No, wait, it’s on clock. Uh, the real answer isn’t much better. 102 degrees.
True. Sheldon’s Mine Simulation Log, entry one. Koothrappali’s restating of the obvious is already getting on my nerves.
Good. Little claustrophobic.
Miners often sang mining songs to keep their spirits up.
Just the hits. (Singing) Where it’s dark as a dungeon, and it’s damp as the dew.
Where the dangers are double, and the pleasures are few. Where the rain never falls and the sun never shines, yes, it’s dark as a dungeon way down in the mine.
Well, I pray when I’m dead and the ages shall roll, that my body will blacken and turn into coal.
Then I’ll look from the door of my heavenly home, and pity the miner that mines my poor bones.
Who’s he?
That’s preposterous. How would she go unrecognized just by wearing a wig?
He doesn’t just put on a pair of glasses. He combs back his curlicue and affects a mild-mannered personality.
I told you to use the walkie-talkie!
Please keep this channel clear for emergencies. Thank you.
This is a simulation. We have to survive on the supplies we brought.
You’re not going to have Funyuns when we’re a mile below the surface of the Earth.
We’ll take some Funyuns.
Some York Peppermint Patties, a couple of Dr. Peppers, and run to Best Buy and see if they have a portable DVD player and season one of a show called Hannah Montana.
As someone from the tropical subcontinent of India, you should know that fanning yourself in a humid environment only raises your body temperature.
My major focus at the moment is keeping my claustrophobia at bay.
You tell me. I feel like I can’t breathe, and I am tempted to crack you open and suck the air right out of your lungs.
We’re not stopping.
I apologize. I just, I’m plagued by an internal struggle.
My struggle is emotional.
It’s dark matter. When I entered the field of string theory, I was a prodigy. I rose to a position of respect, and I assumed my career would continue on that upward trajectory. Now here I am in my 30s, I’m back at square one. And, frankly, it’s frightening.
Voyager the space probe or Voyager the Star Trek TV show?
Good. Because I am too hot and tired to go on about how much I hate Voyager the TV show.
It’s too late for Koothrappali. Let’s go.
You’re not doing it for me. You’re doing it for future generations who will benefit from my struggle. (Voice on recorder) Sheldon’s Mine Simulation Log, entry four. My Kit Kat has melted. All is lost.
His statements of the obvious continue to annoy.
