Me.
Still think it’s me.
Of course there is. The Mini Cooper, ’cause it’s me.
Oh, Tesla.
Hey, how did it go?
Why would you have surgery?
But you don’t have a life-threatening condition. Why would you take the risk of surgery?
Yes, for the first five or six years, but I’ve gotten used to it. It helps me sleep. He’s like my mucus-powered white noise machine.
Very well. I’m done talking about it.
I believe it was your turn in the game.
Let’s see. Oh, this person is most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery and never living the rest of his life in the shadows as a hideous, disfigured freak.
I don’t. I’m not even sure if that’s a person or a typo.
I’m listening to you snore. I’m wondering how I’ll ever sleep without it.
Really Leonard. Insults? After I spent two hours in your closet, waiting for you to fall asleep?
If the surgery is successful, the snoring is gone. And if you die during surgery, the snoring is gone.
I have to be honest with you Leonard, I’m truly worried.
Well, I’ve been doing some research and I’ve learned that one in 700,000 people die from general anaesthesia.
I suppose that’s true. You’re such a glass half-full kind of guy. I’m going to miss that.
Remember when I said if you went through with your surgery, there was a one-in-700,000 chance of dying?
Well, I’ve been crunching the numbers, and so far, I’ve gotten your probability of death all the way to a sphincter-tightening one in 300.
Leonard, what if you have an allergic reaction to the surgeon’s latex gloves?
Well, then why don’t you wear the rubber gloves I bought for you to do the dishes?
Fine. What about epilepsy?
You don’t, but the surgeon might, hmm? And your carotid artery is just one shaky scalpel away from becoming the dancing fountain at Disneyland.
I do. I have the drive to the hospital right here. That is if you make it to the car without falling down the stairs. And don’t expect me to carry you, I do that enough in life.
You don’t know that.
You know who else said that? Every cocky T. Rex currently swimming around in the gas tank of your car.
I don’t know, I’m smart and scrappy, I think I’d find a way.
Thank you. And while you’re thinking about it, if you have the surgery in Nicaragua during monsoon season, I can practically guarantee your death.
18 parts per million. And he’s still doing it.
Well, thank you. And Leonard never lets me have French toast sticks in the car. I can’t have syrupy fingers, but he can do the backstroke in a toilet bowl.
Although now that I think about it, Leonard would never go swimming in public without his swim shirt.
No, but last year, at Magic Mountain, he got such a bad sunburn, we had to cut him out of it.
You’re acting odd. Why?
Tell me the truth.
Come on.
Amy. What’s going on?
I see. Take me to Leonard.
Amy, he’s my best friend, and if you don’t take me, I’m going there anyway.
I do. And I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself if something happened to him and I wasn’t at his bedside to say I told you so.
Hello.
Oh, stop it. I assume this medical centre’s already treated the burns on your bottom from the recent pants fire.
That’s for the fire marshal to determine.
Is he okay?
Very well.
That’s a good idea. Penny, did you and Leonard ever discuss funeral arrangements?
I suppose we could try to make it a celebration, but he died so young.
Oh, this isn’t for Leonard, no. Amy bought it for me.
You know those confounded things make me dizzy.
There was a large plant in the lobby. It kept looking like the outside.
It was like a grapefruit.
Well, I’m not making any promises. Not only did Leonard take what I feel is an unnecessary risk, he deceived me.
The reason I was being a pain in the B is because I was worried about him, and no one else was.
You bet your sweet B I won’t.
And I’m not? It’s an earthquake. I knew it.
A little tremor that turns routine sinus surgery into a frontal lobotomy. Oh, I don’t care for this at all. Oh, I need to see he’s okay.
Try and stop me.
Why didn’t you stop me?
You know this is all your fault.
I told you not to get the surgery.
Wow. I don’t know which hurts worse, my nose or my heart. Well, I’m done speaking to you.
Oh, you’re hardly out of the woods, no. You still run the risk of infection, a blood clot, the possibility that an inattentive surgeon let a barn spider lay eggs in your nose. The minute you sneeze web, I’m moving out.
I was not panicked, and I am not overly attached to Leonard.
Yeah. Tell me those aren’t the words of a man with a spider eating its way through his brain. Amy, you’re a neuroscientist. Crack his skull open, spray some Raid in there.
Oh, I ordered it before your surgery. It’s the urn I was going to put you in.
I can’t send it back, I had it engraved. Here lie the ashes of Leonard Hofstadter. He thought he was right, but his room mate knew better.”
Oh, that one’s mine.
