What colour would you like to be?
That’s not true. Any colour’s fine with me. Yeah, I could be a-a combination of blue and yellow.
Well, then it’s settled.
Oh, good news, we ordered lunch, so we can all stay here and play Lord of the Rings Risk.
Oh, no, we’ll still be playing it tonight, this game can easily take eight hours.
Yeah, well, you may change your mind when you hear that this is the new expanded edition which contains a more complete map of Middle Earth, now including the Haradwaith Territories.
You want to be green?
Fine. Now that we’re not playing, you can be green.
And since you’re green this time, I can be it next time.
You know what you could make us do? Ice-skating. The cold air will trigger Leonard’s asthma and it plays right into my well-known fear of getting flattened by a Zamboni.
Well, I’m sorry, Leonard, I’m a problem-solver, it’s what I do.
Before you say yes, it’s not the movie about the big dog.
You should point out the hypocrisy of that.
Oh, that wasn’t clear. Try it again, but this time drive it home with how do you like them apples, Missy?
You’re making it too complicated. Why not stick to the basics? Go shopping for clothes while Leonard and I sit in those uncomfortable chairs and hold your purses, hmm? I know I’d hate that. Leonard?
Well, then, it’s settled?
Well, once again, it’s what I do.
That’s easy for you to say. Your chair’s not facing the lingerie section. Boy, that’s a lot of panties.
I don’t understand why women insist on making a big production out of buying clothes.
They have a man there who understands my personal style.
Oh. Well, that’s all right. There were plenty of ways to pass the time before smart phones were invented.
I’ll look them up. Son of a biscuit.
No, it’s not fine. What kind of store in the 21st century doesn’t at least have Wi-Fi? I’m going to call their corporate office. Son of a biscuit.
Let’s see, my armies are going to attack the Shire from Buckland. And I roll a five and a three.
Boy, double-sixes again. You know, if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t believe it. I wonder how long we’re gonna be stuck here.
Oh, that’s true. I suppose it’s only fair we make compromises.
I don’t know why you’re so surprised. If there’s one thing I know about after living with you for so many years, it’s how to compromise.
All the time.
Oh, yes. I, just yesterday, you had a, a big piece of lettuce stuck in your teeth at lunch. Did I say anything? No. I compromised and kept my mouth shut. Like you should’ve, because everyone was laughing at you.
Oh, I learned how. Amy taught me.
Uh, well, it’s scary. And sometimes I get the pedals mixed up. But, more importantly, driving me to work is one of the things that gives your life purpose. I can’t take that away from you, so what do I do? Oh, come on, I’m practically feeding you the answer. I compromise.
Oh, here’s another one. I wish that the apple pancake mix was on the top shelf because it starts with an A, but I don’t put it there because I don’t want you breaking one of your little legs when you’re supposed to be making my breakfast.
I wasn’t done, but go ahead. He said, compromising.
Well, you’re a physicist, not a circus clown.
Is that true?
Well, given my history on the subject, t seems a little reckless to bring it up now.
You know what? You think you’re so tolerant, but the truth is you’re mean to me a lot. Yeah, you think that I don’t notice all those sarcastic comments and those eye rolls, but I do. Hmm? I have excellent peripheral vision. On a good day, I can see my ears.
Well, I’m sorry, too. And if you want to live with Penny, then I think you should.
Yes. Yeah, just put on your squeaky shoes and eee-eee-eee your way out of my life.
I’m not upset. I’m just imagining a world without my best friend in it.
It’s okay.
I understand. Either way, I want you to know that I’m aware of how difficult I can be. So I just want to say thank you for putting up with me.
That’s exactly what I told him.
Well, what if you did it gradually?
How about one night and I let you whistle?
When I’m not home.
There we go, compromising again. We really are the best.
It’s not a basket. It’s a soldier’s helmet from 16th century China.
I saw that.
Can you keep it down? Some of us are trying to sleep out here.
