Well, I’ll give you three guesses why I’m so irritated.
I guess news travels fast. It’s true, a select group of scientists was invited to a weekend symposium at a former home of Richard Feynman, and I wasn’t included.
You’re just saying that to make me feel better.
Agreed.
Sure. It’s not like I was invited to Richard Feynman’s house and have anything better to do.
I don’t know the future. Do you think there’s a chance that an asteroid could hit the Earth, destroying Feynman’s house and everyone in it?
Then buckle up, you’re in for a cranky night.
You know I just put that in because of uterus stuff.
I was afraid you might bring this up, so I have a work-around. There you go. As far as you’re concerned, I’m smiling. Although, I must admit, I’m smiling a little bit at the moment because this loophole is so brilliant.
Do you think there comes a point in life when it stops feeling bad to be left out of things?
You know what? I used to be a fan of evolution, but I’ve since evolved, and now I think it’s dumb.
Hey, look at that. Even in your example, you’re all by yourself.
I can just picture them all right now at Feynman’s house, probably discussing Schrodinger and at the same time, not discussing Schrodinger. See? They’re missing out on hilarious jokes like that.
It reminds me of when my stupid brother and sister would build forts in the living room and wouldn’t let me in. I hated that so much.
Isn’t that a little juvenile?
I’ll get the blankets. You Google how to have childlike fun.
Wonderful. I just finished hanging the lights.
Yes, oh, but enter through the side. Batman is a load-bearing blanket.
I know. This isn’t the printout. This is my real face.
Roughing it? Okay. Everything looks so big from down here. This must be how Leonard feels.
Okay, so the final four forts in the first annual best fort ever contest, or fort off, are, Fort Knox, Fort Ticonderoga, Fort Sumter and Fort Cozy McBlanket.
Mm-hmm.
Wait, no. We haven’t picked a winner.
Well, of course we do. Fort Knox doesn’t have a secret physics lending library.
Well, wait. What if, just this once, we suspend the date night parameters and you stay later?
That’s a big step.
Very well. I will agree to a family-friendly, G-rated, boy-girl sleepover.
G-rated, with a warning for families with babies and toddlers.
Do you need to borrow a toothbrush or pajamas?
It would, but you know how much I admire preparedness. How did you know we’d be in the living room?
We built a fort.
Well, Leonard, don’t you want to see the inside of the fort?
Oh, come on. I really wanted to tell someone they can’t come in.
I want to say no, but it’s too glorious. Get in here.
Not there. That’s my spot.
