I’ve invented a science joke, would you like to hear it?
How many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Who cares? He stole the idea and doesn’t deserve his own joke.
Of course, that’s how you know it’s a good joke. It not only entertains, it informs.
Uh, Barry, uh, how many Edisons does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What do you want, Barry?
Oh, no, me as well. Uh, please e-mail it to Sheldon at bazinga dot biz. Why dot biz? Because I just gave you the business. And also bazinga dot com was taken.
Since when do you help out Barry Kripke?
Oh, really? When I was doing string theory and hit a dead end, why didn’t you try to help me?
That’s pretty funny, that does sound like me. But that doesn’t mean that you should be standing on street corners handing out your math to whatever guy comes along.
I’m being petty? You know Barry and I have a professional rivalry. You heard him, he told me to suck eggs. If we were friends, he would have suggested I suck something more pleasant. Why are you laughing? Did you learn something?
Hello.
If I was okay, I would’ve said hello, and not the much more ominous hello.
I’m mad at Amy.
No. She helped Barry Kripke make an advancement in string theory.
Well, it would be, except that I left string theory because I decided it was a dead end. Yeah, and then she went behind my back to help someone else prove me wrong. My rival, no less. I’m sorry you had to see that.
Why would she do this to me?
No, I said there’s nothing more important than me advancing science.
Ugh, let it go. I have heard that my whole life. Every time something upsets me somebody says, let it go, you know, like it’s my fault, and it’s not okay to feel the way I feel.
Is that all you have? Shopworn tidbits like talk to her and let it go? Gee, Penny, life’s giving me lemons. What should I do?
Okay, now you’re getting creative.
Kripke, you know, of all the people, Barry Kripke. I’m so… Are you folding that like a crazy person to get me to do it for you?
Oh, give me that. Just out of curiosity, if I were to let something go, how would I do that?
Can I think about the spiny anteater?
The spiny anteater never went behind my back and worked with Barry Kripke. That didn’t help at all.
How does that work?
Okay.
Okay.
But I just got this pen. It’s got my initials on it and everything. Look.
I may have a better way that you can teach me.
What if I told you that over the past few months Amy has secretly been giving you little puzzles to test your intelligence against chimpanzees in her lab?
Are you sure?
Okay, that’s great. Now, let it go.
Well, excuse me, Amy was testing you. I was rooting for you. Good job on that banana box, by the way.
She’s been conducting an experiment on apes where they’re given various puzzles to solve. I was surprised at the complexity of the puzzles and thought some humans wouldn’t be able to solve them. That’s when Amy said, want to make this interesting?
No, no. We designed an experiment involving you. See? Now, isn’t that interesting?
Okay, maybe this will help. Imagine you’re holding a pen. Before you go too far, not a special pen with your initials engraved on it, that’ll make the next part really hard.
I don’t understand why you’re mad at me. You should be mad at Amy. Like I was this afternoon. Hey, look at that, I let it go.
Penny?
I think I left my pen in there.
I can’t. I’m naked.
Hang on.
Thank you.
That sounds like us. I still don’t understand why you’re upset. You solved every puzzle faster than all of the chimps.
Oh, I can help you with that. Imagine you’re holding an ordinary pen. While your favourite pen is safe and secure in your pocket.
May I say something?
But I think it would be comforting.
When I lost my own father, I didn’t have any friends to help me through it. You do.
I didn’t care for her yelling. But now that I’m not going to hear it again, I’m sad.
It won’t be as good.
