Hmm.
Hmm.
Well, you could have set Newton’s gravitational constant to one. And, ugh, the whole thing reeks of blueberry. You know I can’t stand these scented markers.
It’s good.
I like it. I think you’re on to something.
Not at all. In fact, I have got something for just such an occasion. I was starting to think I might never get a chance to give it to you. Good job.
Not just a sticker. That is a sticker of a kitty saying me-wow.
Fine, I’ll take it back.
For a man whose last observation was our universe may be the surface of a multidimensional supercooled liquid, you’re still awake seems like quite the sophomore slump.
Oh, I did more than work out all the math. I wrote a paper.
I wrote a paper on our idea.
When I mixed it with Sheldony goodness and cooked it in the Easy-Bake oven of my mind.
Well, the lightbulb in this oven is ridiculously bright.
Only way we’ll know for sure is if we post it online to the pre-print server. I have it ready to go, but I wasn’t gonna do it without you.
We could, but we always run the risk of someone else beating us to the punch.
My name is right on there with yours. That is a surefire mark of quality. That might as well say directed by Joss Whedon.
Come on. Click the mouse with me.
Yes, we did, my friend.
I don’t want to talk about it.
Does it smell like blueberries?
Then we’re probably okay.
Oh, nice to meet you, Mr. Insightful.
I do, indeed, Mr. Box-Thinking.
Read another one.
Who wrote that?
Well, I’m responding to it.
Look, I am simply going to defend our work, scientist to scientist. And failing that, suggest that his mother enjoys a string of both human and non-human lovers.
He just left another comment.
Can I respond now?
You mess with the bull, you get the horns. I’m about to show this guy just how horny I can be.
Hmm. No, not yet.
My good sir, we are neither crackpots nor wannabes. In fact, we are experts in our fields. And while you hide behind your anonymity, we stand behind our paper. And later tonight, your mother.
We’re just standing behind her. It’s not like we’re gonna say boo and scare her.
He still hasn’t responded. What’s taking him so long?
Yeah, I do. Then no matter how he responds, I am going to destroy him with a picture of a bored cat saying oh, really?
He wrote back. Cooper and Hofstadter resorting to juvenile attempts at humour is proof they have nothing to back up their ridiculous paper. It should come as no surprise given they work at Cal Tech, essentially a technical school, where even the physicists are basically engineers. Engineers? Do you know how insulting that is?
Yeah, but it’s still so aggravating.
And send.
I’m done hiding from bullies. I’m taking this into the real world.
I told him we’ll meet him face-to-face anytime, anywhere.
Oh, okay, okay, calm down. (Skype tone) It’s him. He’s trying to video chat. Perhaps I shouldn’t have taken this into the real world.
Interesting. I can’t think of a single thing I wouldn’t say to someone’s face.
He’s right. I say we call this person back. We’ve got no reason to hide.
Click it with me. One, two, three, click.
Professor Hawking?
Then why are you attacking us?
Good to see you again, Mr. Stephen-Hawking Liked-Our-Paper.
