No, thank you. Delivery men are the unsung foot soldiers of our nation’s commerce. It’s because of people like you, people like me can limit our human contact. I’d shake your hand, but, well, you know.
That’s humorous.
Yeah, I bet you leave your patients in stitches. That was also humorous.
Are you bringing flowers to a patient to cushion the blow of a terminal diagnosis? That wasn’t a joke.
Hmm. You know, they have delivery people that will do that for you.
Making the extra effort. Good for you.
Ooh, Siam Palace?
Uh, mee krob and chicken satay?
Uh, extra peanut sauce?
Eh, well, very well. Oh, and on the topic of sharing things that are yours, there is a gentleman caller bringing flowers to your fiancée as we speak.
Why didn’t you get extra peanut sauce? We can both play this game.
Hold on, Doctor. Leonard, where are your social skills? This man is clearly upset. We should invite him in for a hot beverage.
So have these two, and they’re having dinner with us.
Here you go, Doctor. Red Zinger with one teaspoon of honey.
What’d you get? What’d you get?
Oh, please, you know, I’ll tell you how he did it. Implacable, relentless badgering. In urology terms, he was a drug-resistant staph infection. And she was a urethra that could not shake him.
Oh, God. Don’t make it so hard on her. Look, the first someone is the deceitful you. The second someone is the delightful Dr. Lorvis.
So what other celebrity genitalia have you handled?
Leonard, I was wrong. Heaven does exist. And it’s in the basement of a urologist’s house in Sherman Oaks.
Because it’s a story of a pretty blonde girl tirelessly pursued by a small, oddly-shaped man?
Well, now, don’t get defensive. You’re oddly-shaped, but you got the girl.
Yes. If you’d like to join in, the premise is their love seems unlikely and doomed to failure.
Oh, if you want to get in on the pool, you’re too late. All the squares have been purchased.
Leonard, as your friend I feel I should tell you something.
I’m still upset about that peanut sauce.
No, I’d look silly in that helmet.
Oh, this day just keeps getting better.
You can do this.
