Excuse me. Is it at all possible that you’re knitting a pair of pants? Oh, well, no, you’re understandably terrified. But, you know, allow me to explain. 45 days ago, um, I embarked on a railroad journey of healing because my university was making me do string theory, and my favorite comic book store burned down, and when my room mate got engaged, my girlfriend wanted to move in with me, which was no doubt a ploy just to see my, well, excuse my language, but my bathing suit parts. Uh, sir, may I use your phone?
Yeah, well, I understand that I’m half naked, but there is a reasonable explanation. While I slept in my sleeper car, all my possessions were stolen. Now, typically, I wear pyjamas, but I recently adopted a hobo lifestyle and pyjamas are the sleep-pants of the Man. I’ll have you know, Mahatma Gandhi wore no pants and a nation rallied behind him. My good man, now, before you walk away, I know that I may appear deranged, but I am, in fact, a world-renowned physicist. Ask me the difference between a boson and a fermion. Go ahead, ask. Bosons have integer spin, fermions have half-integer spin. My legs are getting cold. Why won’t anybody help me?
Hello, Leonard.
Uh, I’m in Kingman, Arizona, and, uh, I need you to come pick me up.
Leonard, I’m at the police station. I was robbed. They took my phone, my wallet, my iPad, everything.
No, I’m not okay. Uh, I’m wearing borrowed pants, I don’t have I.D., and one of the officers here won’t stop calling me chicken legs.
2530 East Andy Devine Avenue,
Hurry.
Oh, yes, please. A pair of pants. And my toothbrush. Yeah, and my mail. And a really good comeback for chicken legs, because “I know you are, but what am I?” was met with stony silence.
Excuse me, Officer Hernandez? Any leads on the person who stole my belongings?
Well, perhaps I can help. Sherlock Holmes always says when you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Now, have, have you tried doing that?
Well, maybe you should. There’s lots of books called Sherlock Holmes, and there’s no books called Officer Hernandez.
Any word on my stolen items?
You know, Sherlock Holmes liked to use cocaine to sharpen his focus. But I’m sure those Cool Ranch Doritos are doing the trick.
Leonard. Oh, I’m so happy to see you.
Oh, I’m fine. Why did you come?
I do, but, I feel uncomfortable saying it out loud in front of these police officers.
Shotgun.
Where didn’t I go? I went to New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Denver, Seattle.
Oh, I have no idea. I never left the train station.
Why would I? That’s where all the cool trains are.
Or had a single piece of fruit.
At the hot dog stand in the Denver train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Salt Lake City train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Indianapolis train station?
Wrong. Hunt’s. Hey, Amy, what do you say? You ready to move on to the mustard round?
I just thought you were bad at the game.
Amy, may I please have a moment of privacy to speak with my roommate?
Well, I was thinking put your head out the window like a dog, but that’ll work. Please? This’ll be quick. Leonard? As soon as we get home, I want to have coitus with Amy. Okay, she can’t hear. The reason I called you is because I didn’t want Amy to know I couldn’t make it on my own.
Oh, of course it’s no big deal to you. You idolize me, and nothing could ever knock me off that pedestal you put me on.
I called Leonard because I failed. And I didn’t want you to think less of me.
Yes.
Can I have one more moment with Leonard?
Amy just hurt my feelings. I want to break up with her.
I wish I’d never gone on that trip. I feel no better now than when I left.
That I couldn’t do it?
That’s a good point. You know, I’m a lot like Gandalf the Grey. He fought the Balrog and emerged stronger than ever as Gandalf the White. I was robbed of my phone and pants, and I, too, came back stronger. And whiter, too, ’cause I wasn’t in direct sunlight for six weeks.
Indeed. I was the world’s smartest caterpillar. And then after pupating in our nation’s railway system, I’ve burst forth as the world’s smartest butterfly.
Yeah, I feel renewed. I’m ready to deal with any changes that come my way.
Your hair is different. You changed your hair. I can’t take this. I’m out.
Would you like to see pictures from my trip?
Yeah, it did, but luckily all my photos got backed up to the Cloud.
Here, day one, uh, this was the seat I was going to sit in but didn’t because there were cracker crumbs on it. As it was first class, I suspect Ritz. This is the train bathroom. This is the Imodium I took so I would never have to use the train bathroom.
I know. You know, I almost died in a fire in Des Moines, but I stayed put. FYI, that’s when the Imodium gave out.
