Leonard, I’ve been working on an opening joke for our lecture at Berkeley.
Okay, um, what do you say to a graduate of the UC Berkeley physics department? I’ll have fries with that. Because his education hasn’t prepared him for a career in the sciences.
Yeah, I think so. I just restocked the old PRK.
I don’t see what’s crazy about bringing a backpack with your own toilet paper and Purell.
And rubber gloves, uh, air freshener. Um, noise-cancelling headphones. Oh, danger whistle. Um, pepper spray. Ooh, a multi-language occupied sign. Uh, let’s see, we have seat protectors, uh, booties for my shoes, a clothespin for my nose. Oh, and a mirror on a stick, so I can make sure the person in the stall next to me isn’t some kind of weirdo.
Would you like to play a physics car game I invented called I Can’t Spy? It’s all the nail-biting tension of I Spy but the added fun of subatomic particles and waves outside the visible spectrum.
I’ll begin. Uh, I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.
Will you please play the game? I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.
I don’t want to play anymore.
We get it, you won the game. Stop bragging.
I suppose it is. In fact, if you’d like to celebrate with a little music, I’d be okay with that.
Play that funky music, white boy.
What reference?
So they’re requesting that the white boy play the funky music, yes?
And this music we’re listening to right now is funky as well?
Let me ask you this. Do you think this song is the music the white boy ultimately plays?
So it’s like the musical equivalent of Russell’s Paradox, the question of whether the set of all sets that don’t contain themselves as members contains itself?
Well then I hate it. Music should just be fun.
Will our hotel room be ready?
Aren’t you worried that sitting in the lobby for a long period of time might attract the attention of the hotel detective?
Seems a little confrontational, but all right. You know, we won’t be very far from Skywalker Ranch.
Why not?
Yoda’s swamp was in the middle of nowhere. Tatooine was in the middle of nowhere. Hoth was in the middle of nowhere. That’s code, Leonard. He wants us to drop in.
Yes. Oh, I’m so excited. And I just can’t hide it.
What are you talking about?
There it is. It’s just a gate. On a road.
This is so amazing.
I want more than a picture. I want to go in.
Is that the attitude that helped you get Penny?
There’s a speaker box. Drive up, push the button, and let’s see what happens.
Well, get over it. Confidence is key in these situations.
You pushed it, are you out of your mind?
You’re blowing it. We want to meet George Lucas and become his friends and play with him.
All right, we’ve defeated the first challenge. Now we must steel ourselves to face the monster who defends the gate.
I think what really needs to be rescued is your sense of whimsy, but one quest at a time. So what’s the plan?
Honesty will never get us in.
All right, my plan is predicated on the assumption that they have a nurse’s office and your willingness to be lightly stabbed.
Oh, you are killing me.
What if I told you that I was the voice of Yoda? A recording session I must attend.
Shedding the yoke of my oppressors, you blind, sad little man.
I can see the ranch, Leonard. Oh, it’s rustic, it’s lovely. I’d take a picture, but people are chasing me. I’m gonna make it. I’m gonna make it. They have Tasers, but they wouldn’t dare use… Aaaaaaagh!
Do you think they’re gonna call the police?
Oh, I think that’s below the pay grade of an Imperial Officer. Stormtroopers are really the ones who…
So, what are you in for?
But why are you here?
Excuse me. Leonard, they have a sculpture gallery.
Uh, one question about that picture. Can it be with George Lucas? Ooh, grumpy you are.
Are you still mad at me?
Boy, some people are just glass-half-empty.
Before I answer, was he a smoker? I think you’re looking at this all wrong.
Well, not only did we go to Skywalker Ranch, we got in. And no one we know can say that. And for all the times you find me irritating, today you got to watch someone shoot me with a Taser.
See?
I’ll take your word for it. I was too busy trying not to defecate.
That’s amazing.
And I saw Jabba the Hutt riding by on a motorcycle. Although that was right after the Tasing, so who can say for sure?
It was. And even though we’re not allowed back there, they can never take today away from us. Unlike my sense of smell, which hasn’t returned since the Tasing. No, I got nothing.
Amy, the Daleks are right on my tail, quick, we need to reset the time circuits. Oh, no, I left my sonic screwdriver behind.
