Since it’s not bee season, you can have my epinephrine.
You don’t need chopsticks, this is Thai food.
Thailand has had the fork since the latter half of the nineteenth century. Interestingly they don’t actually put the fork in their mouth, they use it to put the food on a spoon which then goes into their mouth.
You’re not swelling, Howard.
Hi.
Don’t take it personally, it’s his pathology, he can’t talk to women.
You’re kidding, right?
You realise that scene was rife with scientific inaccuracy.
Oh no, let’s assume that they can. Lois Lane is falling, accelerating at an initial rate of 32 feet per second per second. Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel. Miss Lane, who is now travelling at approximately 120 miles per hour, hits them, and is immediately sliced into three equal pieces.
In what space, sir, in what space? She’s two feet above the ground. Frankly, if he really loved her, he’d let her hit the pavement. It would be a more merciful death.
Are you listening to yourself, it is well established that Superman’s flight is a feat of strength, it is an extension of his ability to leap tall buildings, an ability he derives from Earth’s yellow Sun.
Uh, a combination of the moon’s solar reflection and the energy storage capacity of Kryptonian skin cells.
Challenge accepted. (Tries door.) We’re locked out.
I hardly think so.
Well, we don’t have a dolly, or lifting belts, or any measurable upper body strength.
Archimedes would be so proud.
Yes, but they all involve a green lantern and a power ring.
Exactly half.
What’s your formula for the corner.
Ah, gravity, thou art a heartless bitch.
You do understand that our efforts here will in no way increase the odds of you having sexual congress with this woman?
Yeah, those are men who just had sex.
No we’re not, no we’re not, no we’re not.
Watch your fingers. Watch your fingers. Oh God, my fingers!
No, it hurt… (looking around) Great Caesar’s Ghost, look at this place?
A little messy? The Mandelbrot set of complex numbers is a little messy, this is chaos. Excuse me, explain to me an organisational system where a tray of flatware on a couch is valid. I’m just inferring that this is a couch, because the evidence suggests the coffee table’s having a tiny garage sale.
No.
Excuse me, but I think we’ve both found that helpful at times.
Hang on.
Straightening up.
This is not anyone’s home, this is a swirling vortex of entropy.
Because it was immaculate, I mean, you open that man’s closet, it was left to right, evening gowns, cocktail dresses, then his police uniforms.
I helped run some cable for a webcam.
(sucks in breath)
No?
No.
Penny, I just want you to know that, you don’t have to live like this. I’m here for you.
Sssshhhh! Penny’s sleeping.
I had no choice. I couldn’t sleep knowing that just outside my bedroom was our living room, and just outside our living room was that hallway, and immediately adjacent to that hallway was… this.
I just gave you a reasonable explanation.
Don’t be ridiculous. I have no peers.
You might want to speak in a lower register.
Evolution has made women sensitive to high pitched noises while they sleep, so that they’ll be roused by a crying baby. If you want to avoid waking her, speak in a lower register.
No, (lowering his voice dramatically,) that’s ridiculous.
I am not leaving until I’m done.
If you have time to lean, you have time to clean.
Morning.
I have to say, I slept splendidly. Granted, not long, but just deeply and well.
Sarcasm?
Granted, my methods may have been somewhat unorthodox, but I think the end result will be a measurable enhancement of Penny’s quality of life.
You don’t think that crosses a line?
You have a sarcasm sign?
Do you want some cereal. I’m feeling so good today I’m going to choose from the low fibre end of the shelf. Hello, Honey Puffs.
I may have left a suggested organisational schematic for her bedroom closet.
Goodbye, Honey Puffs, hello Big Bran.
Really more to organise, you’re not actually dirty, per se.
And snoring. And that’s probably just a sinus infection, but it could be sleep apnoea, you might want to see an otolaryngologist. It’s a throat doctor.
Depending on the depth, that’s either a proctologist or a general surgeon. (Leonard holds up a sign reading “Sarcasm”) Oh!
Penny, Penny, just to clarify because there will be a discussion when you leave, is your objection solely to our presence in the apartment while you were sleeping, or do you also object to the imposition of a new organisational paradigm. (Penny stares in disbelief, then leaves.) Well that was a little non-responsive.
That wasn’t sarcasm?
Wooh, boy, you are all over the place this morning. (Knocks on Penny’s door.) I have a masters and two PhD’s, I should not have to do this.
I am truly sorry for what happened last night, I take full responsibility. And I hope that it won’t colour your opinion of Leonard, who is not only a wonderful guy, but also, I hear, a gentle and thorough lover. (Penny closes door in his face.) I did what I could.
His imaginary girlfriend broke up with him.
Check.
Check.
Considering what? How great this place looks?
We could put her stereo back there.
Run an infra-red repeater, photocell here, emitter here, easy peasy.
Hang on Penny. How about fans, here and here?
And if water is involved we’re going to have to ground the crap out of the thing.
Right, then the entire thing’s one big heat sink.
