Okay, then riddle me this. Assuming all the good Terminators were originally evil Terminators created by Skynet but then reprogrammed by the future John Connor, why would Skynet, an artificial computer intelligence, bother to create a petite hot 17 year-old killer robot?
Artificial intelligences do not have teen fetishes.
(Buzzing noise), too late, I win.
I don’t know, but if cats could sing, they’d hate it too. (The continue up the stairs and disappear from view).
I don’t guess. As a scientist I reach conclusions based on observation and experimentation, although as I’m saying this it occurs to me you may have been employing a rhetorical device rendering my response moot.
I have a conclusion based on an observation.
I think I know.
I think that’s a week from Tuesday at six.
You just lied to Penny.
And you did it so casually, no rapid breathing, no increase in perspiration.
So, lack of a physiological response while lying is characteristic of a violent sociopath.
No, I imagine if you were going to kill me you’d have done it a long time ago.
(Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard…
I need to speak to you.
It’s important.
Yes.
You’re right, it can wait until morning.
Never mind. I clearly woke you up in the middle of a REM cycle, you’re in no state to talk.
I’m uncomfortable having been included in your lie to Penny.
You could have told her the truth.
Is that a relevant factor?
Then I suppose you could have agreed to go.
I would suggest something to the effect of, singing is neither an appropriate vocation nor avocation for you, and if you disagree, I’d recommend you have a CAT scan, to look for a tumour pressing on the cognitive processing centre of your brain.
Why?
I was not aware of that.
Oh, alright. Leonard.
When we played chess earlier, you were terrific and I can’t wait to play you again. Goodnight.
(Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock)…..
I was analysing our lie, and I believe we’re in danger of Penny seeing through the ruse.
Simple. If she were to log on to www.socalphysicsgroup.org/activities/other, click on upcoming events, scroll down to seminars, download the pdf schedule, and look for the seminar on molecular positronium, well then, bippidy-boppidy-boo, our pants are metaphorically on fire.
Well, sir, my trousers will not be igniting today.
(Knock, knock, knock, knock) Penny, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Penny, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Penny, (door opens) Good morning.
Of course I do. My watch is linked to the atomic clock in Boulder, Colorado. It’s accurate to one tenth of a second. But as I’m saying this it occurs to me that once again your question may have been rhetorical.
Remember how Leonard told you we couldn’t come to your performance because we were attending a symposium on molecular positronium?
Yes, well, he lied.
He lied, and I’m feeling very uncomfortable about it.
Hungry? Tired? I’m sorry this really isn’t my strong suit.
To help you.
She was going to see through your lie eventually, so I told her that you were lying to protect me.
Hunger? Indigestion, I’m sorry I’m really not very good at this. Anyway, Penny now believes that on Friday night, we’re going to participate in my cousin Leopold’s drug intervention.
Yea, who most people call Leo, but he also answers to Lee, remember that, it’s important.
Details, Leonard, the success or failure of our deceitful enterprise turns on details.
No, I made him up. I think you’d call him Lee.
Well, first of all, your lie was laughably transparent, where mine is exquisitely convoluted. While you were sleeping I was weaving an un-unravelable web.
Yes, if she googles Leopold Houston she’ll find a facebook page, an online blog depicting his descent into drug use, and a desperate yet hopeful listing on e-harmony.com.
Ah, because it’s in Long Beach, and I don’t drive.
No, of course not, there’s no cousin Leo, there’s no intervention, focus Leonard.
We just leave the house on Friday night, and we return in the wee hours emotionally wrung out from the work of convincing Leo to go back into rehab.
Yes, but, he can relapse if Penny ever invites us to go hear her sing again.
For a noble purpose, to spare me the social embarrassment of having a drug-addled first cousin, which I’m assuming is embarrassing, yes?
That’s the best part, you don’t have to, see I told Penny that you would be embarrassed, if you knew that she found out that you had lied, so she’s agreed to operate as if the original lie was still in force.
Un-unravelable.
Well, uh, Penny is on her way to perform in a one night showcase production of Rent, which we are unable to attend because we are going to a symposium on molecular positronium, given by Dr Emile Farminfarmian.
Okay, sure. I don’t see a problem with that.
Good for you.
Break a leg. (She leaves)
It’s a very nice community. The Queen Mary is docked there, once the largest ocean liner in the world, it’s now a hotel and restaurant where they host a surprisingly gripping murder mystery dinner.
No, no, no, Leonard gets nauseous unless he sits in front, and even then it’s iffy.
No, that’s the least of our worries. I’ve been doing some research on addiction, both the biochemical and behavioural aspects, and I think there’s a problem with the current version of our lie.
Sadly, it’s not. Substance abuse is a lifelong struggle, but beyond that I have realised that the Leo I described would not have agreed to go to rehab.
Because Leo is a middle child.
You didn’t read the bio, did you? He’s not just a middle child, he’s the quintessential middle child, from a broken home to boot. Psychologically speaking, the attention he gets by rebelling even to the point of self-destruction is more emotionally valuable than the help he would get at rehab.
Great, what is it?
Fine. (He leaves. A moment later he comes back.) I’ve hesitated to point this out, but I must now remind you that we are in our current predicament because of your initial and totally inadequate deceit. I’m just trying to clean up after your mess. (Leonard throws a glass ornament at him. He just manages to shut the door in time.) We’ll talk in the morning.
Excuse me, we just went over this. As the quintessential middle child, your addiction is rooted in your unmet need for attention.
For your information, this is all based on solid research, stick with the character profile I wrote for you.
I’m sorry, Leonard, this is Toby Loobenfeld, he’s a research assistant in the particle physics lab, but he also minored in theatre at MIT.
Well, you see, while Leo would not have gone into rehab, it is completely plausible that we would have talked him into leaving the motel, and coming home with us.
No. We’re going with middle child, and a generic predisposition to inadequate serotonin production.
Subtextually, of course. (There is a knock on the door.) Just have fun with it. (Opening door.) Morning Penny.
Unfortunately, we weren’t able to convince him to go to rehab.
But we did convince him to leave the motel. Come say hello. Leo, this is Penny, our friend and neighbour.
Don’t forget his genetic predisposition towards addiction.
There have been studies.
How could there be a double blind study, who would be the control group.
Your parents made the right decision.
He’s a homeless drug addict, Leonard, where is he going to go? Boy, you have a lot to learn about lying.
