Wo de zhing shi Sheldon.
Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon. (Copies hand movements.)
That’s what you did. I assumed as in a number of languages that the gesture was part of the phrase.
How am I supposed to know that? As the teacher it’s your obligation to separate your personal idiosyncrasies from the subject matter.
Why?
Mai du lui tsa.
My apologies Leonard, I’m only as good as my teacher.
I believe the Szechuan Palace has been passing off orange chicken as tangerine chicken and I intend to confront them.
Okay, where were we?
Not surprising. Penny’s emotional responses originate from the primitive portion of the brain known as the Amygdala, while speech is centred in the much more recently developed Neocortex. The former can easily overpower the latter giving scientific credence to the notion of being rendered speechless. (Leonard stares at him.) Or maybe she just doesn’t want to talk.
I’m not aware of any social convention that requires you to intervene at all.
Twelfth century code of chivalry, not exactly current. You’d also have to be knighted for that to apply.
Howard, I’m going to need another Mandarin lesson. I obviously didn’t make my point with those people.
I like tangerine chicken, I’m not getting tangerine chicken.
Actually, I thought the first two renditions were far more compelling. Previously I felt sympathy for the Leonard character, now I just find him to be whiny and annoying.
I’d love to, but I don’t have tangerine chicken.
Show me your citrus peels. Gei wo kan, ni jud di zi pei. Show me your citrus peels. Gei wo kan, ni jud di zi pei. Show me your…
Aieee ya! Xia si wo le.
A second what? Pair of underwear?
Why me? Why not Koothrappali or Wolowitz?
Yes, I suppose he is.
Not necessarily. I’m often surprised by my lack of familiarity with Leonard. Just the other day I discovered, he not only has a loofah, he hides it. Why do you suppose a man would be ashamed of having a loofah? I myself prefer to have my excess epithelial cells slough off naturally, but I don’t condemn those who seek to accelerate the process.  (Time shift) And until recently I had no idea that despite his lactose intolerance, he can tolerate small amounts of non-fat ice cream without producing a noxious gas that I maintain in the right concentration could be weaponised. (Begins to unlock apartment door.)
We’re not done?
Ach, why not? We’re already through the looking glass anyway.
Well, he didn’t actually say anything, but when he came back to the apartment he was doing a dance that brought to mind the happy hippos in Fantasia.
Oh, I wish it were that simple. You see, I don’t spend much time here and so I’ve never really chosen a place to sit.
There are a number of options and, I’m really not familiar enough with the cushion densities, air flow patterns and dispersion of sunlight to make an informed choice.
No, no, that’s crazy. You go ahead and talk while I figure it out.
A little crush? Well I suppose so, in the same way Menelaus had a little crush on Helen of Troy.
Well Menelaus was the brother of Agamemnon…
Leonard isn’t the kind of guy anyone usually goes out with. Would you be open to rotating the couch clockwise thirty degrees?
The last one worked out well for Koothrappali. He got a free iPod. Oh, glare!
I would not say that. No-one would say that, a light year is a unit of distance, not time.
Draft. You see people hear the word year and they think duration. Foot pound has the same problem, that’s a unit of work, not of weight.
It’s a common mistake.
Okay. I think this will be my seat.
Well, let’s see. We might consider Schrodinger’s Cat.
No. That’s Mrs Grossinger. And she doesn’t have a cat, she has a Mexican hairless, annoying little animal, yip yip yip yip…
Sorry, you diverted me. Anyway, in 1935, Erwin Schrodinger, in an attempt to explain the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum physics, he proposed an experiment where a cat is placed in a box with a sealed vial of poison that will break open at a random time. Now, since no-one knows when or if the poison has been released, until the box is opened, the cat can be thought of as both alive and dead.
Well of course you don’t get it, I haven’t made it yet. You’d have to be psychic to get it, and there’s no such thing as psychic.
Just like Schrodinger’s Cat, your potential relationship with Leonard right now can be thought of as both good and bad. It is only by opening the box that you’ll find out which it is.
No, no, no, no, no, no. Let me start again. In 1935, Erwin Schrodinger…
Chong sho sha pwe. (Caption translates to “Long Live Concrete”.) Xie xie. (Thank you)
I can see that. Unless you’re planning on running a marathon, choosing both stuffing and mashed potatoes is a starch filled redundancy.
A mistake involving Penny? Okay, you’ll have to narrow it down.
Then don’t.
Other people might be interested.
I assumed you would.
Ah, then your meal choice is appropriate. Starch absorbs fluid which reduces the amount of vomit available for violent expulsion.
You also made a common grammatical mistake, you said nauseous when you meant nauseated. But go on.
Well, if we accept your premise, and also accept the highly improbable assumption that Penny is the only woman in the world for you then we can logically conclude that the result of blowing it would be that you end up a lonely, bitter old man with no progeny. The image of any number of evil lighthouse keepers from Scooby Doo cartoons comes to mind.
Alright, what response on my part would bring this conversation to a speedy conclusion?
Schrodinger’s Cat.
You sound surprised. Mmm, hou zi shui zai li du. (Your monkey sleeps inside me.)
Show me your mucus! Your mucus!
This is not a tangerine bicycle.
No. Don’t call the library. Show me your mucus. (Leonard and Penny are seen entering, and then leaving again quickly.) Oxen are in my bed! Many, many oxen! Oy Vey!
