Here’s the problem with teleportation.
Assuming the device could be invented which would identify the quantum state of matter of an individual in one location, and transmit that pattern to a distant location for reassembly, you would not have actually transported the individual. You would have destroyed him in one location, and recreated him in another.
Personally, I would never use a transporter. Because the original Sheldon would have to be disintegrated in order to create a new Sheldon.
No, he would be exactly the same.
So, you see it too.
Not bad, I myself started graduate school at fourteen.
Excuse me, that is my research, and it is by no means a dead end.
You can count on us, we’re on it. What the hell do you mean, dead end.
I sense a disturbance in the force.
He’s not wrong. Alright, and this is my office.
Nope. Goodbye.
Oh, alright, this is my desk, these are my books, this is my door, please close it behind you. Goodbye.
Keen observation, goodbye.
Leonard.
Get him out.
You think I haven’t considered it? You really think I haven’t considered it?
Get him out Leonard.
Yes, in fact I am the youngest person ever to win it.
Fourteen and a half.
Uh-uh-uh.
Fifteen years old. Dennis Kim is fifteen years old, and he’s already correcting my work. Today I went from being Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to… you know, that other guy.
Oh, God, now even you’re smarter than me.
Why waste food. In Texas when a cow goes dry they don’t keep feeding it, they just take her out and shoot her between the eyes.
Yes, but I assumed I would have been dead hundreds of years, and that there would be an asterisk by his name because he would be a cyborg.
Well of course you don’t, you’ve never excelled at anything.
Yes. That’s what a rational person does when his entire life’s work is invalidated by a post-pubescent Asian wunderkind. He ceases his fruitless efforts, he donates his body to scientific research, and he waits to die.
Hey.
I’ve decided you’re right. My career is not over.
But, since the arrival of Dennis Kim has rendered my research pointless, I just have to find something else to focus on.
So I’ve decided, I’m going to collaborate with you.
What exactly is it you do? I know you chatter on about it all the time, but I’ve never really paid attention.
Oh, sure you do. Now, see, what’s this here in the schematic, is that a laser array?
No. Hmmm. What happens if you use argon lasers instead of helium neon?
Are you sure?
Pretty sure’s not very scientific, is this how you normally work, just hunches and guesses and stuff?
Alright.
If you’re concerned about sharing credit with me, you’re name can go first… I’m going.
So, this is engineering, huh?
Engineering. Where the noble semi-skilled labourers execute the vision of those who think and dream. Hello, oompah-loompahs of science.
I just came by to say hello.
Well, up until now I’ve had better things to do. So, what are we making today?
Really, how does it work?
Uh, huh. So it’s a shelf?
Now, I notice you’re using titanium, did you give any consideration to carbon nanotubes, they’re lighter, cheaper and half twice the tensile strength.
And you also have a note from your mother that says I love you, bubbula. But neither of those is a cogent argument for titanium over nanotubes.
Yes.
Did Leonard tell you to say that?
Huh. It can’t be a coincidence. There must be some causal link I’m missing.
Curiouser and curiouser.
Oh, good, you’re all here. Look, I’ve decided that if the three of you drop whatever it is you’re working on and join me, we could lick cold fusion in less than a decade, twelve years tops. (They stare at him.) Go away? (They nod) Hmm. Could it be me?
No, no, please, come in. Yeah, I think you’ll appreciate this, very exciting.
Something remarkable. Since my prospects for the Nobel Prize in physics have disappeared, thank you very much, I’ve decided to refocus my efforts and use my people skills to win the Nobel Peace Prize. Look, I’m going to solve the Middle-East Crisis by building an exact replica of Jerusalem in the middle of the Mexican desert.
You know, it’s like the baseball movie, build it and they will come.
The Jewish people.
We’ll make it nice, put out a spread.
Of course he has, the oracle told us little Neo was the one. You can see the Matrix, can’t you.
Ah, la-la-la, Hava Nagila. They’ll come, they’ll settle and I’ll win the prize…
I really don’t understand your objections, Professor Goldfarb, why wouldn’t the Senoran Desert make a perfectly good promised land?
We could call it Nuevo Cherusalem.
Said Pharoah to Moses.
Hey, Howard. You’re a Jew. If there was another wailing wall, exactly like the one in Jerusalem, but close to taco stands and cheap prescription drugs, would you still be able to wail at it? Okay, it’s definitely me.
Welcome Dennis Kim.
Youngest till the cyborgs rise up!
Don’t worry, I’ve got this. Ladies and Gentlemen, honoured daughters. While Mr Kim, by virtue of his youth and naivety, has fallen prey to the inexplicable need for human contact, let me step in and assure you that my research will go on uninterrupted, and that social relationships will continue to baffle and repulse me. Thank you.
Screw him, he was weak.
