Checkmate.
Obviously you’re not well suited for three-dimensional chess, perhaps three dimensional candyland would be more your speed.
It must be humbling to suck on so many different levels.
From the data at hand you really can’t draw that conclusion. All you can say with absolute certainty is that that joke is not funny here.
Sick?
What kind of sick?
I don’t need you to guess, I need you to know, now when did the symptoms first appear?
Friday, was that morning or afternoon?
Think woman, who blew their nose and when?
Oh please, if influenza was only contagious after symptoms appear it would have died out thousands of years ago. Somewhere between tool using and cave painting, homo habilus would have figured out to kill the guy with the runny nose.
Thanks for your consideration, now please leave.
What?
I’m making petrie dishes to grow throat cultures.
I need a growth medium, and someone polished off the apricot yoghurt. Here, swab my throat.
Leonard! If I’m going to get ahead of this thing I need to find out what’s growing in my throat.
We have no idea what pathogen Typhoid Penny has introduced into our environment. And having never been to Nebraska I’m fairly certain that I have no cornhusking antibodies.
When I’m lying comatose in a hospital relying on inferior minds to cure me, these jello cultures and my accompanying notes will give them a fighting chance.
Wait. (Handing him a measuring jug) Put this in the bathroom.
I need to measure my fluid intake and output to make sure my kidneys aren’t shutting down.
No, that measuring cup has always been for urine.
It’s right here on the bottom.
Oh, dear God. (Shouting) Leonard! Leonard, I’m sick!
Leonard! Leonard I’m sick!
Leonard! Leonard! Leonard. Leonard, my comforter fell down, and my sinuses hurt when I bend over. Leonard? (Bends to get phone) Ow!
Leonard, where are you?
At six-thirty in the morning?
On Sunday?
Why?
Well, I didn’t hear the phone ring.
Well, as I predicted, I am sick. My fever has been tracking up exponentially since 2am, and I am producing sputum at an alarming rate.
No. Not only that, it has shifted from clear to milky green.
What else would I drink? Gasses? Solids? Ionised plasma?
I want soup.
We don’t have soup.
Is that a dog?
In the lab?
Howard, I’m sick.
I need soup.
I’m sick, thank you very much.
You’re a carrier. All these people here are doomed. You’re doomed!
I want soup.
Penny, I have an IQ of 187, don’t you imagine that if there were a way for me to have had soup at home I would have thought of it?
I did not think of that. Clearly febrile delirium is setting in, please bring me some soup while I still understand what a spoon is for.
Well, my mother used to make me this split pea with little frankfurter slices and these home made croutons.
Can I get any of those with little frankfurter slices and home made croutons?
Then surprise me. (Blows nose into handkerchief. Shows it to next table) Would you call that moss green or forest green?
Thanks for bringing me home.
Good. Good.
Wait, where are you going?
You’re going to leave me?
Well, of course, but, not by myself.
Well, once. When I was fifteen, and spending the summer at the Heidelberg Institute in Germany.
No, visiting professor. Anyway, the local cuisine was a little more sausage-based than I’m used to, and the result was an internal blitzkrieg with my lower intestine playing the part of Czechoslovakia.
No. No, my mum had to fly back to Texas to help my dad because the house had slipped off the cinderblocks again.
It was tornado season. And it was an aluminium house. Anyway, the housekeeper in the faculty residence didn’t speak any English, when I finally managed to convince her I was sick, she said “Möchtest Du eine Darmspülung?”
Based on what happened next, I assume it means “would you like an enema?”
Well, my mom used to give me sponge baths.
Agreed.
Wait. Will you please rub this on my chest.
Vaporub makes my hands smell funny.
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
No, no, counter-clockwise or my chest hair mats.
Can you sing “Soft Kitty”.
My mom used to sing it to me when I was sick.
I’ll teach you. “Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr.” Now you.
Little ball of fur. Keep rubbing.
Penny! Penny, I’m hungry.
Leonard, I’m hungry!
I want grilled cheese.
Do you think Penny will come here and take care of us?
I’m very congested.
Can you go to the kitchen, and get me the turkey baster labelled mucus.
Under the sink, yellow Tupperware bowl.
