Alright, I’m moving my infantry division, augmented by a battalion of Orcs from Lord of the Rings, we flank the Tennessee Volunteers, and the North once again wins the Battle of Gettysburg.
We don’t eat here, I don’t know what’s good.
Statistically unlikely.
I like the hamburgers where we usually have hamburgers, you can’t make the assumption that I’ll like the hamburgers here.
Can’t we just go to Big Boy? They only have one burger. The Big Boy.
Excuse me, in a world that already includes the Big Boy, why would I settle for something like a Big Boy?
Fine, I’ll have the Barbecue Burger.
Waitresses don’t yell at you at Big Boy.
We don’t. This is a disturbing aberration.
He asked her out once, it was an embarrassing failure.
Oh, I’m sorry, was that supposed to be a secret?
Well I assume she meant that the two of you together would constitute a couple that others might consider cute. An alternate, and somewhat less likely interpretation, is that you could manufacture one. As in, oh look, Leonard and Lesley made Mr and Mrs Goldfarb, aren’t they adorable.
You’re a lucky man, Leonard.
You’re talking to one of the three men in the Western hemisphere capable of following that train of thought.
I said I could follow it, I didn’t say I cared.
I need your opinion on a matter of semiotics.
Semiotics. The study of signs and symbols, it’s a branch of philosophy related to linguistics.
Just come with me.
Well?
What does it mean?
Yes, but I was eleven.
So you’re saying Leonard has a girl in there.
This is very awkward.
Oh, yes, but there’s usually planning, courtship and advance notice. Last time I was able to book a cruise to the Arctic to see a solar eclipse.
I didn’t have to, the dates just happened to coincide.
Well, there’s Leonard. (Picking up violin case) And he’s either with Lesley Winkle or a 1930’s gangster.
No, no, wait, hold on.
I don’t know what the protocol is here. Do I stay, do I leave? Do I wait to greet them with a refreshing beverage?
Hi, Leonard. It’s me, Sheldon. In the living room. I just, I wanted you to know I saw the tie. Message received. You’re welcome. You carry on. Give my best to Lesley.
Big boy! (Wakes up, looks at watch, wraps self in blanket, walks towards kitchen) Someone touched my board. Oh God, my board. Leonard! Leonard!
My equations, someone’s tampered with my equations.
Of course I’m sure. Look at the beta-function of quantum chrono-dynamics, the sign’s been changed.
Are you insane? Are you out of your mind? Are you…. hey look, that fixes the problem I’ve been having.
You did this?
Cool?
Uh-duh, hold on, hold on!
Who told you you could touch my board?
I don’t come into your house and touch your board.
Oh, that is so… so…
Inconsiderate, that is the adjective, inconsiderate.
I’m not staring, I’m mulling.
I’m coming.
Boy, you’re wound awfully tight for a man who just had sexual intercourse.
Do you realise I may have to share a Nobel Prize with your booty call?
She’s not that intelligent.
She got lucky.
I don’t have to believe in it for her to be lucky.
Leonard?
I still don’t care.
You know, I think I may have misjudged this restaurant.
I won’t go out on a limb, but I think we may be looking at my new Tuesday hamburger.
Way ahead of you. I was thinking of moving Big Boy to Thursdays, and just dropping Soup Plantation.
Yeah, the name always confused me anyway, Soup Plantation. You can’t grow soup.
Terrific, you’ll be happy to know that I plan to come here every Tuesday night for the foreseeable future.
Who do I speak to about permanently reserving this table?
You know why this hamburger surpasses the Big Boy? This is a single decker hamburger whereas the Big Boy is a double decker. This has a much more satisfying meat to bun to condiment ratio.
Of course I’m listening. Blah blah, hopeless Penny delusion, blah blah blah.
