We might as well stop, it’s a stalemate. You’re beating me in tetris, but you’ve got the upper body strength of a Keebler Elf.
He can’t eat cheesecake, he’s lactose intolerant.
What about the cream cheese frosting.
For the record, that psychotic rant was a concise summation of the research of Bertram Forer, who in 1948 proved conclusively through meticulously designed experiments, that astrology is nothing but pseudo scientific hokum.
It’s actually based on very sound theories, his mother published a paper on it.
It was obviously effective, Leonard grew up to be an experimental physicist. Perhaps if she’d also denied him Christmas he’d be a little better at it.
Hello Penny. Leonard just left.
What would we talk about? We’ve no overlapping areas of interest I’m aware of, and you know I don’t care for chit-chat.
Well alright, but I don’t see this as a promising endeavour.
I hardly think so, Leonard made it very clear he doesn’t want a party.
I think a birthday party is a terrible idea. I envy Leonard for growing up without that anguish.
Year after year, I had to endure wearing conical hats while being forced into the crowded sweaty hell of bouncy castles, not to mention being blindfolded and spun towards a grotesque tailless donkey as the other children mocked my disorientation.
Have I pointed out that I am extremely uncomfortable with dancing, loud music and most other forms of alcohol induced frivolity.
In addition I really don’t think that Leonard wants a…
You can’t do that, if you make a mark on a mint comic book it’s no longer mint.
Well of course I… oh! Yeah, I have an idea, let’s throw Leonard a kick ass birthday party.
That’s not the secret knock. This is the secret knock. (He knocks two, one, two.)
The whole point of a secret knock is to establish a non-verbal signal to verify the identity of one’s co-conspirators.
Possibly, but unverified.
Luckily for you this is not a nuclear reactor.
That’s because I didn’t bring one.
The entire institution of gift giving makes no sense.
Let’s say that I go out and I spend fifty dollars on you, it’s a laborious activity, because I have to imagine what you need, whereas you know what you need. Now I can simplify things, just give you the fifty dollars directly and, you could give me fifty dollars on my birthday, and so on until one of us dies leaving the other one old and fifty dollars richer. And I ask you, is it worth it?
I accept your premise, I reject your conclusion.
Oh. Fair enough.
Question, how am I going to get Leonard a present before the party? I don’t drive, and the only things available within walking distance are a Thai restaurant and a gas station. I suppose I could wrap up an order of mee krob and a couple of lottery scratchers.
Yes, but they have DVD burners over here. Leonard needs a DVD burner.
You mean, like a sweater?
Is it the geometry that makes it fun.
Okay, I see, so not a DVD burner.
Something he wouldn’t buy for himself. Something fun. Something like… oh, an 802.11n wireless router.
What do you think.
Because of the two additional Ethernet ports.
He doesn’t need them, he’s already got a 640 connect switch
Why?
Penny! If I’m going to buy Leonard a gift, I’m going to do it right. I refuse to let him experience the same childhood trauma I did.
On my twelfth birthday I really wanted a titanium centrifuge, so, you know, I could separate radioactive isotopes.
Instead of a titanium centrifuge, my parents bought me… wow, this is hard. They got me… a motorised dirt bike.
What twelve year old boy wants a motorised dirt bike?
Really?
Huh?
Yeah, I suppose.
I know everything about this stuff.
No, no, no, no, she doesn’t want that, she needs a point to point peer network with a range extender.
It depends on what Bus you have.
Oh, dear lord.
Not now, Penny, this poor man needs me. (To woman approaching) You hold on, I’ll be right with you. What computer do you have, and please don’t say a white one?
Okay, we don’t have that in stock, but I can special order it for you.
Yes, well, apparently neither does anyone else.
Why?
Good luck. (To assistant) By the way, a six year-old could hack your computer system.
Yeah, 1-2-3-4 is not a secure password.
