Thank you for coming by. (He rises from his desk. Everyone rushes to look nonchalant.) Hello.
Buddy.
How can you be late, I wasn’t expecting you at all.
Oh, alright, this is Missy, Missy this is Leonard and Rajesh and you’ve already met Howard.
She’s my twin sister, she thinks she’s funny but frankly I’ve never been able to see it.
How exactly would one measure a sense of humour? A humourmometer?
Rajesh.
The papers could have been mailed, Mom just sent you here to spy on me, didn’t she.
They call me a genius because I’m a genius. Tell Mom that I currently weigh 165 pounds, and that I’m having regular bowel movements. Enjoy the wedding, goodbye.
They were not friends, they were imaginary colleagues.
No we don’t.
So what? I don’t issue invitations to your mother.
And don’t ever call me Shelly.
What just happened?
I needed a place to fire ceramic semi-conductor substrates for home-made integrated circuits.
Made necessary by her insistence on going into my room.
Is that what that was? I just assumed that the second grade curriculum had rendered you quizzical.
Fraternal twins come from two separate eggs, they are no more alike than any other siblings.
I’m not ignoring my sister. I’m ignoring all of you.
Excuse me, can I interject something. I’m ordering pizza online, is everyone okay with pepperoni?
I guess. Don’t worry, I was going to order you cheeseless.
That’s okay. Lactose intolerance is nothing to be embarrassed about.
Hmmm? She certainly has the symmetry and low body fat that western culture deems desirable. It’s noteworth that at other points in history, heavier women were the standard for beauty because their girth suggested affluence.
I didn’t say it was fascinating, I said it was noteworthy.
Oh. Okay. You know, I don’t want to criticise your rhetorical style but, we’d be a lot further along in this conversation if you’d begun with that thought.
What I’m saying is that we took quite an unnecessary detour from what I now understand to be your thesis.
Why?
I don’t understand. Yes, we shared a uterus for nine months, but since then we’ve pretty much gone our own separate ways.
I hadn’t considered that. We do share DNA.
So there is the possibility, however remote, that resting in her loins is the potential for another individual as remarkable as myself.
You’re right. If someone wants to get at Missy’s fallopian tubes, they’ll have to go through me.
Alright, that’s enough juvenile squabbling, stop it, stop it I say. I’m going to settle this right now. Neither of you are good enough for my sister.
You’re out too, by the way.
It’s nothing personal, I’d just prefer if my future niece or nephew didn’t become flatulent every time they eat an Eskimo pie.
Now that Leonard’s made me aware of how high the genetic stakes are, we have to face the fact that none of you are suitable mates for my sister.
How so?
In principle you have a point, but as a practical matter, need I remind you that it takes experimental pharmaceuticals to simply enable you to speak to the opposite sex.
This has nothing to do with religion. This has to do with the fact that you’re a tiny, tiny man who still lives with his mother.
Am I? Here. Eat this cheese without farting and you can sleep with my sister.
Oops.
Why does everyone suddenly want to talk to me alone? Usually nobody wants to be alone with me.   
Truthfully, I’ve never given it any thought, but it has been pointed out to me that you carry DNA of great potential.
Let me explain. You see, I’m a superior genetic mutation, an improvement on the existing mediocre stock.
That would be you. But residing within you is the potential for another me. Perhaps even taller, smarter and less prone to freckling, a Sheldon 2.0 if you will.
Exactly. Now, I am not saying that I should be the sole decider of who you mate with. If you’re not attracted to the suitor then the likelihood of conception would be reduced.
Not at all. Frequent coitus dramatically increases the odds of fertiliziation.
I always thought I was more like a cuckoo bird. You know, a superior creature whose egg is placed in the nest of ordinary birds. Of course the newly hatched cuckoo eats all the food, leaving the ordinary siblings to starve to death. Luckily for you, that’s where the metaphor ended.
I have an alternate proposal.
You donate eggs. We will place them in cryogenic storage. I will find an appropriate sperm donor for your eggs, have them fertilized and implanted in you, that way everybody wins.
Correction. Missy can date whoever she wants.
I weep for humanity.
Well, she might be interested to know that I have refocused my research from bosonic string theory to heteronic string theory.
Okay, well, it was pleasant seeing you, other than that business with my testicles. (Holds out hand to shake.)
Really?
You tell people I’m a rocket scientist?
I’m a theoretical physicist.
What’s the difference?
My God! Why don’t you just tell them I’m a toll taker at the Golden Gate Bridge? Rocket scientist, how humiliating.
