Well, this sandwich is an unmitigated disaster. I asked for turkey and roast beef with lettuce and swiss on wholewheat.
Turkey and roast beef with swiss and lettuce on wholewheat. It’s the right ingredients but in the wrong order. In a proper sandwich the cheese is adjacent to the bread to create a moisture barrier against the lettuce. They might as well have dragged this thing through a car wash.
I know, it’s basic culinary science.
You bid $800.
There’s only 30 seconds left in the auction.
I wonder why no-one else bid, this is a classic piece of sci-fi movie memorabilia.
Need you ask? But I still don’t understand why no-one else bid.
I understand why no-one else bid.
In a venn diagram, that would be an individual located within the intersection of the sets “no longer want my time machine” and “need $800”.
I’ve been meaning to ask you, do you think we should make a call about that?
It’s the same amount of work no matter how fast you go, basic physics.
Yeah.
Then I have a simple solution, go up to the roof, hop over to the next building, there’s a small gap, don’t look down if you’re subject to vertigo, and use their stairwell.
Oh, I never joke when it comes to vertigo.
For what it’s worth, I thought it was humorous.
I don’t know what you were worried about. I think it really works in the room.
The exact time machine that carried actor Rod Taylor from Victorian England into the post-apocalyptic future, which society had splintered into two factions, the sub-terranean Morlocks, who survived by feasting on the flesh of the gentle surface dwelling Eloy.
Gentlemen, I know we said we’d take turns, but I think you’d agree that practicality dictates it remain here.
Alright, I think we’re going to need some ground rules, in addition to the expected no shoes in the time machine and no eating in the time machine, I propose that we add pants must be worn at all times in the time machine.
Hold on. Bi-monthly is an ambiguous term, do you mean move it every other month, or twice a month?
Then no.
No.
Wait a minute, I’d want to see that too.
But if we all go back to the same point in time, Bell’s lab is going to get very crowded, he’ll know something’s up.
Oh, I have a solution, first go into the future and obtain a cloaking device.
If I remember correctly, Captain Kirk will steal a cloaking device from the Romulans on Stardate 5027.3, which will be January 10th 2328 by pre-federation reckoning.
Time machine.
Again, time machine.
It only moves in time. It would be worse than useless in a swamp.
Leonard, it’s two in the morning.
So it’s my turn. Why did you set it for the day before yesterday?
You can’t. If you were to prevent yourself from buying it in the past, you would not have it available in the present to travel back and stop yourself from buying it, ergo you would still have it. This is a classic rookie time travel mistake.
Same paradox. If you were to travel back in time and, say, knock me unconscious, you would not then have the conversation that irritated you, motivating you to go back and knock me unconscious.
It won’t change the past.
Are you upset about something?
Well, it was a number of things. First the late hour, then your demeanour seems very low energy, plus your irritability…
Oh! I don’t usually pick up on those things. Good for me.
Oh, wait. Did you want to talk about what’s bothering you?
Wow, I’m on fire tonight.
I disagree. Your inability to successfully woo Penny long predates your acquisition of the time machine. That failure clearly stands on its own.
In addition, your premise is flawed. In the original film, Rod Taylor got Yvette Mimeaux with that very time machine. In Back to the Future, Marty McFly got the opportunity to hook up with his extremely attractive young mother.
Well of course they’re movies. Were you expecting me to come up with an example involving a real life time machine? That’s absurd.
It’s still my turn.
What are you doing?
Well is that really necessary. If you need money you can always sell blood. And semen.
My spidey-sense tells me this has something to do with Penny.
I’ll go for two hundred, that time machine stays right where it is.
Dibs doesn’t apply in a bidding war.
What’s the number, I’ll match it.
What’s the exchange rate.
Who cares, as long as you pick me.
No. I can’t let you do this.
None shall pass.
You hypocrite!
Little Miss “grown ups don’t play with toys”. If I were to go into that apartment right now, would I find Beanie Babies? Are you not an accumulator of Care Bears and My Little Ponies? And who is that Japanese feline I see frolicking on your shorts? Hello,Hello Kitty!
It worked. It really worked. They said I was mad, but it worked. (Large hairy creatures with glowing eyes emerge from the forest and walk towards him menacingly.) Oh no, not Morlocks! Not flesh-eating Morlocks! He-e-e-e-e-e-e-elp! (With a yelp, he wakes up in the time machine in the living room.)
We have to get rid of the time machine.
Yeah, that’s the problem, it’s too big.
Oh no, Morlocks? Eat him, eat him. Aaaaargh. (Sheldon wakes up in his own bed.) Leonard!!!!!!!!
