Look at me, look at me, I’ve got goosebumps.
No, we turned our stereo down by sending a signal around the world via the internet.
Someone in Sezchuan province, China is using his computer to turn our lights on and off.
They found the remote controlled cars.
You may want to put on slacks.
You know, in the future, when we’re disembodied brains in jars, we’re going to look back on this as eight hours well wasted.
Not to mention you’d have to power down on Saturdays.
Well, there’s always the possibility that a trash can spontaneously formed around the letter, but Occam’s Razor would suggest that someone threw it out.
I know. I read it before I threw it out.
Because I have no interest in standing in the Rose Room of the Pasadena Marriott in front of a group of judgemental strangers, who wouldn’t recognise true genius if it were standing in front of them giving a speech. Which, if I were there, it would be.
Leonard, please don’t take this the wrong way, but the day you win a Nobel Prize, is the day I begin my research on the drag co-efficient of tassles on flying carpets.
No we don’t. We have to take in nourishment, expel waste, and inhale enough oxygen to keep ourselves from dying, everything else is optional.
You can’t. I’m the lead author.
I let you think we went alphabetically to spare you the humiliation of dealing with the fact that it was my idea. Not to put too fine a point on it, but I was throwing you a bone. You’re welcome.
It doesn’t need proving.
They’re not supposed to, but they should.
And I forbid it.
If I’m not taking credit for our work then nobody is.
No, once again, I’m throwing you a bone. And once again, you are welcome.
Hello Penny.  
Uh, just the latest copy of Applied Particle Physics Quarterly.
Penny, just to save you from further awkwardness know that I’m perfectly comfortable with the two of us climbing the stairs in silence.
Oh dear God!
A little misunder…. Galileo and the Pope had a little misunderstanding.
Huh.
I don’t understand the question.
Oh. I hadn’t thought about it like that. I wonder if I’ve been experiencing physiological manifestations of some sort of unconscious emotional turmoil.
I couldn’t poop this morning.
It’s certainly preferable to my plan.
A powerful laxative.
Excuse me, little idea?
Of course you didn’t, he said little idea?
In what words then, exactly
What did he say?
Don’t you ever speak to me again.
Have fun presenting my lucky hunch.
Then why did you say it.
Were you trying to impress Penny?
How’d that work out for you?
Libido 1, truth zero.
And I’m telling you for the last time it’s pandering, it’s undignified and bite me.
Goodbye Penny. (Places fingers to head to try to make Leonard’s brain explode. Leonard leaves.) Oooh, one of these days, Pkshhhh!
Doctor Sheldon Cooper here, I am the lead author of this particular paper. (No reaction.) Thank you. And you, sir, you have completely skipped over the part where I was walking through the park, and I saw these children on a merry-go-round, which started me thinking about the moment of inertia in gasses like helium at temperatures approaching absolute zero.
Oh, I see, was the apple falling on Newton’s head, was that just an anecdote?
No, no that’s true, gravity would have been apparent to me without the apple.
You continue to underestimate me, my good man.
As I have explained repeatedly, unlike you, I don’t need validation from lesser minds. No offence.
Because I knew you’d screw this up.
Oh, please. I admit, that spherical chicken joke, that was hilarious. But it was straight downhill from there.
So you admit that you’re an egotist?
Okay, that is it. (Tries to explode brain again.)
Then I’ll settle for an aneurysm.
You hit me. You saw him, he hit me.
So it was working.
Oh we’ll see about that (tries again), heads up you people in the front row, this is a splash zone.
You could have offered me a ride home.
I really don’t understand what you’re so unhappy about, you begged me to come, I came, there’s just no pleasing you.
Well that’s not much of an apology, but I’ll take it.
Yes. I’m sorry I tried to blow up your head. It was uncalled for.
Now, who would do that?
Forget your suit, look at my arms waving, I’m like a flamingo on Ritalin.
