You know, we were annihilated by our own incompetence and the inability of some people to follow the chain of command.
No, I want to talk about the fact that Wolowitz shot me in the back.
I was giving clear, concise orders.
Sure, if you consider being fragged by your own troops fun. (To Howard) You clear space on your calendar, there will be an enquiry.
Dancing?
The thing is, we’re not….
No.
A Halloween party?
Yes, but are the costumes random, or genre specific?
What about comic-books?
Anime?
TV , film, D&D, Manga, Greek Gods, Roman Gods, Norse Gods…
Oh no! (He is also wearing a Flash costume.)
See, this is why I wanted to have a costume meeting.
I don’t care if anybody gets it, I’m going as the Doppler Effect.
If I have to, I can demonstrate. Neeeeoooowwwww!
Well, what exactly do you mean by embarrass you?
Well, there’s nothing embarrassing about that, your father worked with Lewis Leakey, a great anthropologist. It had nothing to do with your bed-wetting.
And you said the party starts at seven.
It’s 7:05.
So what time does the costume parade start?
Yeah, so the judges can give out the prizes for best costume, you know, most frightening, most authentic, most accurate visual representation of a scientific principle.
This party is just going to suck.
Yes. It’s the apparent change in the frequency of a wave caused by relative motion between the source of the wave and the observer.
See, people get it.
I’m confused. If there’s no costume parade, what are we doing here?
Telepathically?
And that’s the kind of sloppy costuming which results from a lack of rules and competition.
Well, I actually might be able to help.
Like Jane Goodall observing the apes, I initially saw their interactions as confusing and unstructured, but patterns emerge, they have their own language if you will.
Well, it seems that the newcomer approaches the existing group with the greeting “How wasted am I?” which is met with an approving chorus of “Dude.”
That’s as far as I’ve gotten.
Good luck.
Oh, I hardly think so.
Aren’t you afraid I’ll embarrass you?
Alright, but if we’re going to use flight metaphors I’m much more suited to being the guy from the FAA, analysing wreckage.
Hello.
Me? I’ll give you a hint. Neeeeooooowwwww!
Close! Neeeeeoooooowwwww!
Neeeeeooooowwwwww!
I’m the Doppler Effect.
Yes, well, I’m the Doppler Effect.
What?
What do you suppose he’s doing here? Besides disrupting the local gravity field.
Oh, snap. So I guess we’ll be leaving now.
You have a back-up hypothesis.
Or maybe she wants to be friends, and he wants something more.
Yes, but you’re much closer to it than he is.
And male partners. Animal partners. Large primordial eggplants, pretty much whatever tickled his fancy.
True. Why don’t you text him that and see if he backs down?
Face to face? Are you going to wait for him to sit down, or are you going to stand on a coffee table?
Given the reaction to my costume, this party is a scathing indictment of the American education system.
Yet another child left behind.
Because he is neither tall nor immortal, and none of us could be The Flash.
I’m not. No offence.
If he understands that, you’re in trouble.
You’re in trouble.
Let me remind you, while my moral support is absolute, in a physical confrontation I will be less than useless.
He’s a Hobbit! I’ve got your back.
Happy Halloween. (They leave) If it’s any consolation, I thought that homo-habilus line really put him in his place.
Tea. When people are upset the cultural convention is to bring them hot beverages. There there. You want to talk about it?
Good. There there was really all I had.
Good night Leonard.
Coming. (Opens door to Howard.)
He’s not here. Maybe the Avenger summoned him.
Thank you for the clarification.
Well I’m sure he’ll be fine. He has his hammer.
