If we’re all through playing mock the flawed technology, can we get on with Halo night, we were supposed to start at eight, it is now 8:06.
Yes, first we have to decide if those lost six minutes will be coming out of game time, bathroom time or the pizza break.
Oh, what fresh hell is this?
8:08.
You know, I apologise for my earlier outburst, who needs Halo when we can be regaled with the delightfully folksy tale of the whore of Omaha?
Oh good grief.
And I cannot believe people pay for horoscopes, but on a more serious note it’s 8:13 and we’re still not playing Halo.
One on one? We don’t play one on one, we play teams, not one on one. One on one!
Uh, no. The wheel was a great idea. Relativity was a great idea. This is a notion, and a rather sucky one at that.
Why? Oh, Penny, Penny, Penny.
This is a complex battle simulation with a steep learning curve, there are myriad weapons, vehicles and strategies to master, not to mention an extremely intricate back-story.
Mine.
Yes, but whoever’s her partner will be hamstrung by her lack of experience and not to mention that fact that sh…. (another explosion)
Okay, this isn’t at all good sportsmanship to shoot somebody who’s just respawned, you need to give them a chance to (explosion) now come on!
Raj, Raj, she’s got me cornered, cover me.
Okay, that’s it, I don’t know how, but she is cheating. No-one can be that attractive and be this skilled at a video game.
What?
You laugh now, you just wait until you need tech support.
And another thing, there’s a certain ethic to the game, Penny, a well estab…
Well she could have said goodbye.
It’s called carpal tunnel syndrome, and quite frankly you deserve it.
Hold that thought, Leonard, a moment.
Where do I begin?
Well first, we don’t have house guests, frankly if I could afford the rent I’d ask you to leave.
Well, our earthquake supplies, we have a two day, two man kit.
So, if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here, we could be out of food by tomorrow afternoon.
No-one ever thinks it will happen until it does.
He’s engaging in reductio-ad-absurdum. It’s the logical fallacy of extending someone’s argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticising the result, and I do not appreciate it.
Okay, well since I’m obviously being ignored here, let’s go over the morning schedule, I use the bathroom from 7 to 7:20, plan your ablutions and bodily functions accordingly.
I suggest no liquids after 11pm.
Hmmph, wrong.
Your head goes on the other end.
It’s culturally universal, a bed, even a temporary bed, is always oriented with the headboard away from the door. It serves the ancient imperative of protecting oneself against marauders.
Hm!
Yes. If you use my toothbrush I’ll jump out that window. Please don’t come to my funeral. Have a good night.
Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6:15, poured myself a bowl of cereal, added a quarter cup of 2% milk, sat on this end of this couch, turned on BBC America and watched Doctor Who.
Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6:15, poured myself a bowl of cereal….
Because I am neither an invalid nor a woman celebrating Mother’s Day.
Okay, this cereal has lost all its molecular integrity, I now have a bowl of shredded wheat paste.
Well there’s one beloved children’s book I’ll never read again.
I’m Sheldon.
Oh, terrific, now we’re running a cute little B&B.
Well then, it’s all settled, Christie will stay with Howard, Penny can go back to her apartment, and I’ll watch the last 24 minutes of Doctor Who, although at this point it’s more like Doctor Why Bother.
No more talking, everybody go.
I imagine there aren’t many kosher corn-huskers.
I’m sorry, we cannot do this without Wolowitz.
Let me walk you through it, our standard is, the steamed dumpling appetizer, General So’s chicken, beef with broccoli, shrimp with lobster sauce and vegetable lo-main. Do you see the problem?
Our entire order is predicated on four dumplings and four entrees divided among four people.
Fine, what do you want to eliminate, and who gets the extra dumpling.
Then it is no longer a dumpling, once you cut it open it is at best a very small open faced sandwich.
He’s putting his needs ahead of the collective good. (Pointing at waiter) Where he comes from, that’s punishable by death.
No, if we fill up on dumplings we’ll need to eliminate another entree.
And divide it how, I’m telling you we cannot do this without Wolowitz.
Have you seen Penny eat Chinese food, she uses a fork, and she double dips her egg rolls.
Exactly, but we’d have to if she was here.
No.
I’ll know.
What about the won-tons?
It’s Halo night.
Yes. Penny, we would very much appreciate it if you would be the fourth member of our Halo team. I don’t think I need to tell you what an honour this is.
You can’t go out, it’s Halo night.
You go dancing every Wednesday.
 Then it’s not dancing night.
Tonight is Halo night, it’s like talking to a wall.
Yes, but you didn’t portray her as completely irrational.
Okay, assuming we could dance, which we can’t, there are three of us and two of them.
It’s the Chinese restaurant all over again. I assure you that cutting a dumpling in thirds is child’s play compared with three men, each attempting to dance with 67% of a woman.
Your anger’s not with me, sir, but with basic mathematics.
The only man who can restore any semblance of balance to our universe.
No, I’m going to ask him to choose between sex and Halo 3. As far as I know, sex has not been upgraded to include high-def graphics and enhanced weapon systems.
My point.
It’s Halo night.
Shhh!
I can’t shoot now, I’m cloaking.
That’s why the call it cloaking, dead man.
We said no tanks.
And now you’re out of life. Why did you hit pause?
