Good lord!
Lock and load.
I’ve got the Sword of Azeroth!
There is no more Sheldon, I am the Swordmaster!
Goodbye, peasants.
I’m a rogue knight elf, don’t you people read character descriptions? Wait, wait, wait, somebody just clicked “buy it now.”
Wooh, I’m all sweaty, anybody want to log on to second life and go swimming, I just built a virtual pool.
Don’t forget the mail you took accidentally on purpose so you’d have an excuse to talk to her.
Penny for your thoughts.
Please don’t tell me that your hopeless infatuation is devolving into pointless jealousy.
Well, at least now you can retrieve the black box from the twisted smouldering wreckage that was once your fantasy of dating her, and analyse the data so that you don’t crash into geek mountain again.
The dietician at the cafeteria with the limp and the lazy eye?
Well, I don’t think you have a shot there. I have noticed that Lesley Winkle recently started shaving her legs. Now, given that winter is coming one can only assume that she is signalling sexual availability.
That depends. When I learn that I’m a robot, will I be able to handle it?
Uh, let me ask you this. When I learn that I’m a robot, would I be bound by Asimov’s three laws of robotics?
Of course not.
Well, no.
The internet’s been down for half an hour.
Oh, I’ve seen that look before. This is just going to be two weeks of moping and tedious emo songs, and calling me to come down to pet stores to look at cats. I don’t know if I can take it.
Oh, good lord.
If you’re compiling a mix CD for a double suicide. (Leonard is taking supplies out of a bag) Oh, I hope that scratching post is for you.
Leonard, listen to me…
Leonard, do you really think you can satisfy your need for a relationship with a genetically altered cat?
Oh, come on, Leonard! This is obviously about Penny.
Okay, look, I think that you have as much of a chance of having a sexual relationship with Penny as the Hubble Telescope does of discovering at the centre of every black hole is a little man with a flashlight searching for a circuit breaker. Nevertheless, I do feel obligated to point out to you that she did no reject you. You did not ask her out.
No. No, now that was not my point. My point was, don’t buy a cat.
Oh, goody, we’re getting a cat.
Could you be more specific?
No. The dark crescent-shaped patterns under your arms conceal it nicely. What time is your date?
Perfect, that gives you two hours and fifteen minutes for that dense molecular cloud of Aramis to dissipate.
Not if you’re a rugby team.
Why would I join you?
Oh, no, no, no, well now, there’s always the possibility that alcohol and poor judgement on her part might lead to a nice romantic evening.
Of course, there’s the other possibility that this date kicks off a rather unpleasant six months of the two of you passing awkwardly in the hall until one of you breaks down and moves to another zip code.
If I could of, I would of.
Is the sex starting now?
Oh, okay, well then, calm down.
Alright, alright, well, just, sit down, yes, sit down, now close your eyes.
Just do it.
Now try to increase your alpha-wave activity.
It’s a bio-feedback technique, it’s relaxation through brain-wave manipulation, I read a paper about it in the Journal of American Neuroscience, it was a little sparsely sourced but I think the basic science is valid, I probably have it here somewhere.
Me?
What should I tell her.
Okay.
Got it. So I’m assuming nothing venereal. I’ll just tell her that you had a routine colonoscopy and haven’t quite bounced back.
But I thought you wanted to cancel?
Why would she be expecting me?
So, how was your date?
Score one for liquor and poor judgement.
