I’ve been thinking about time travel again.
Put it on the back burner. Anyway, it occurs to me, if I ever did perfect a time machine, I’d just go into the past and give it to myself, thus eliminating the need for me to invent it in the first place.
Yeah, it really takes the pressure off.
It’s time travel, Leonard, I will have already done that.
No, congratulations will have been in order. You know, I’m not going to enjoy this party.
At the last department party, Dr Finkleday cornered me and talked about spelunking for 45 minutes.
You know what’s interesting about caves, Leonard?
Nothing.
How’s this? Pleased to meet you, Dr Gablehouser. How fortunate for you that the University has chosen to hire you, despite the fact that you’ve done no original research in 25 years, and instead have written a series of popular books that reduce the great concepts of science to a series of anecdotes, each one dumbed down to accommodate the duration of an average bowel movement. Mahalo.
Do you know there are only eight consonants in the Hawaiian language.
Well here’s an interesting turn of events.
A more plausible explanation is that his work in robotics has made an amazing leap forward.
An actual real scientist. (To Leonard) How was that?
I can’t believe he fired me.
In my defence, I prefaced that by saying “with all due respect.”
Morning.
This isn’t breakfast, it’s an experiment.
I finally have the time to test my hypothesis, about the separation of the water molecules from the egg proteins, and its impact vis-a-vis taste.
As do I.
I don’t want my job back. I’ve spent the last three and a half years staring at greaseboards full of equations. Before that I spent four years working on my thesis. Before that I was in college, and before that, I was in the fifth grade. This is my first day off in decades, and I’m going to savour it.
I’m not just fixing my eggs, I’m fixing everyone’s eggs.
Use new eggs. (There is a knock on the door).
Oh, well this would be one of those circumstances that people unfamiliar with the law of large numbers would call a coincidence.
I need eggs. Four dozen should suffice.
Yes, and evenly distributed amongst brown, white, free range, large, extra-large and jumbo.
Never mind, you won’t get it right, I’d better come with you.
I’m taking a sabbatical, because I won’t kow-tow to mediocre minds.
Theoretical physicists do not get canned. But yeah.
No it doesn’t. Not unless the two doors are connected by relays, or there are motion sensors involved.
Or the first door closing causes a change of air pressure that acts upon the second door.
Slow down. Slow down, please slow down.
Look, you’re not leaving yourself enough space between cars.
No, no. Let me do the math for you, this car weighs let’s say 4,000lb, now add say 140 for me, 120 for you.
Oh, I’m sorry, did I insult you? Is your body mass somehow tied into your self worth?
Interesting. Anyway, that gives us a total weight of, let’s say, 4,400lb.
Fine. We’re travelling forward at, good Lord, 51 miles an hour. Now let’s assume that your brakes are new and the callipers are aligned, still, by the time we come to a stop, we’ll be occupying the same space as that Buick in front of us, an impossibility that nature will quickly resolve into death, mutilation and… oh look, they built a new put-put course.
This is great. Look at me, out in the real world of ordinary people, just living their ordinary, colourless, workaday lives.
No, thank you. And thank you, ordinary person. Hey, you want to hear an interesting thing about tomatoes.
Uh, yes, but anyone who knows anything about the dynamics of bacterial growth knows to pick up their refrigerated foods on the way out of the supermarket.
No, this is fun. Oh, the thing about tomatoes, and I think you’ll really enjoy this, is, they’re shelved with the vegetables, but they’re technically a fruit.
Isn’t it?
Oh boy.
Well, there’s some value to taking a multivitamin, but the human body can only absorb so much, what you’re buying here are the ingredients for very expensive urine.
Well then you’ll want some manganese.
That was fun. Maybe tomorrow we can go to one of those big warehouse stores.
Are you sure. There are a lot of advantages to buying in bulk. For example, I noticed that you purchase your tampons one month’s supply at a time.
Well think about it, it’s a product that doesn’t spoil, and you’re going to be needing them for at least the next thirty years.
Well, thirty, thirty five, hey, when did your mother go into menopause?
Oh, Penny, this is a natural human process, and we’re talking about statistically significant savings. Now, if you assume 15 tampons per cycle and a 28 day cycle, are you fairly regular? (Penny shuts door in his face.) Okay, no warehouse store, but we’re still on for put-put golf, right?
I think it’s her time of the month. I marked the calendar for future reference.
It’s an experiment.
Oh, that was a dead end. Scrambled eggs are as good as they’re ever going to be.
I read an article about Japanese scientists, who inserted DNA from luminous jellyfish into other animals, and I thought hey, fish nightlights.
It’s a billion dollar idea. Shhhhh!
Oh, no, no, no. No, I’ve too much to do.
Shhhhh!
That’s just the beginning. I also have an idea for a bulk mail-order feminine hygiene company. Oh, glow in the dark tampons! Leonard, we’re going to be rich.
Mommy.
You called my mother?
Thank you.
I was working with luminous fish, and I thought, hey, loom! Mom, what are you doing here?
I know, but why?
This is not a sarape. This is a poncho. A sarape is open at the sides, a poncho is closed, this is a poncho, and neither is a reason to call someone’s mother.
I went to the market with Penny.
Well then buckle up, in the next four to eight days she’s going to get very crabby.
Yes, well I’m not a child, I’m a grown man capable of living my life as I see fit. And I certainly don’t need someone telling on me to my mother.
To my room, and no-one’s allowed in.
I’m not hungry.
Sheldon emerges from the bedroom area.
Sheldon crosses to the cobbler, takes some and puts it on a plate. Looks round at the group in the matter of a frightened animal. Everyone but Leonard looks down at their meal.
Morning.
It’s my idea of what DNA would look like in a silicon based life form.
What do you want, mom?
Yeah.
What for?
No.
I’m not going to apologise, I didn’t say anything that wasn’t true.
Why not?
Wouldn’t have been any ass-kickings if that stupid death ray had worked.
Dr Gablehouser.
Um, as you know, several weeks ago in our first encounter we may have gotten off on the wrong foot, when I called you an idiot. And I just wanted to say that I was wrong. To point it out.
Okay.
I got my job back.
I’m not quite sure. It involves a part of the human experience that has always eluded me.
Thanks, mom. Mom?
Is Dr Gablehouser going to be my new daddy?
Sheldon turns over to sleep in the glow of a luminous goldfish.
