Damn you, walletnook.com.
The online description was completely misleading, they said eight slots plus removable ID, to any rational person that would mean room for nine cards, but they don’t tell you the removable ID takes up one slot, it’s a nightmare.
It’s been in every wallet I’ve owned since I was five.
It says keep this on your person at all times. (Knock on door) It’s right here under Batman’s signature.
Hi.
If I may, your parents probably don’t consider this meddling, while arranged marriages are no longer the norm, Indian parents continue to have a greater than average involvement in their children’s lives.
You seemed confused.
It might speak to a cultural aspiration to have one’s children enter the medical profession.
What’s not to love?
I suggest you go through with it.
Romantic love as the basis for marriage has only existed since the nineteenth century. Up until then, arranged marriages were the norm, and it served society quite well.
Understandable, but there’s a universality to that story which transcends ethnicity.
No need, we have the special edition.
This is Dr Sheldon Cooper. Yeah, I need to cancel my membership to the Planetarium. Yeah, well I’m sorry too, but there’s just no room for you in my wallet. Yeah, I understand, but it was between you and the Museum of Natural History and, frankly, you don’t have dinosaurs. Well I’ll miss you too, bye bye. Okay, I know you’re texting about me, and I’d really like you to stop.
Okay, there’s a lab animal supply company in Reseda you could try, but if your research is going to have human applications may I suggest white mice instead, their brain chemistry is far closer to ours.
With certain obvious exceptions. Suicide, for example.
I’ll have a diet coke.
Fine. I’ll have a virgin cuba libre.
Yes,
Yes. And would you make it diet?
A cuba libre traditionally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge.
Bartenders are supposed to have people skills.
And now we’ll never know.
Sorry I’m late.
Nothing, I just really didn’t want to come. Virgin diet cuba libre please.
In a tall glass, with a lime wedge.
So, how’s Koothrappali d…. oh my Lord.
That’s Princess Punchali.
No, no, Princess Punchali from The Monkey and the Princess.
It’s a children’s story.
When I was a little boy and got sick, which was most of the time, my mother would read it to me. It’s about an Indian princess who befriends a monkey, who was mocked by all the other monkeys because he was different. For some reason I related to it quite strongly.
That woman looks exactly like the pictures of Princess Punchali in the book. How often does one see a beloved fictional character come to life?
Forgive me your highness, for I am but a monkey, and it is in my nature to climb. I did not mean to gaze upon you as you comb your hair.
You are the living embodiment of the beautiful Princess Punchali.
A beloved character from an Indian folk tale.
You Indian.
The resemblance is remarkable. I can practically smell the lotus blossoms woven into your ebony hair.
I shower twice a day and wash my hands as often as I can.
It was said that the Gods fashioned her eyes out of the stars, and that roses were ashamed to bloom in the presence of her ruby lips.
What?
I’m not hitting on her.
Exactly the kind of spirit with which Princess Punchali led the monkeys to freedom.
Luckily for you, she could have you beheaded.
I could eat.
How would I know, do you have a low sperm count?
What did I do?
Oh. Alright, noted. Sorry.
And may I point out she wouldn’t have asked me to go with her if you hadn’t been drunk and boring.
And boring, her words.
Okay, well, good night.
We ate. She lectured me on the link between gum disease and heart attacks, nothing I didn’t already know, and I came home.
Why would I see her again? I already have a dentist. (Exits)
