Oh, please. For Vulcans, mating, or, if you will, Pon Farr, it’s an extremely private matter.
Well count me out.
You want me to use my intelligence in a tawdry competition? Would you ask Picasso to play Pictionary? Would you ask Noah Webster to play Boggle? Would you ask Jacques Cousteau to play Go Fish?
By that reasoning we should also play bridge, hold up a chuppah and enter the Olympic bobsled competition.
No, don’t.
Or the one. Dammit, I’ll do it.
I don’t. Teams are traditionally named after fierce creatures, thus intimidating ones opponent.
Poor choice. Gram for gram, no animal exceeds the relative fighting strength of the army ant.
Point of order. I move that any vote on team names should be unanimous. No man should be forced to emblazon his chest with the bengal tiger, when common sense dictates it should be an army ant.
I will yield.
He does.
Of course.
And of course, the answer is 130 adoseconds.
And of course, the answer is giant magneto resistance.
But I answered, it’s called teamwork.
By that logic I should answer all the anthropology questions because I’m a mammal. 
And of course it’s Gravity Probe B.
Why?
What do manners have to do with it? This is war. Were the Romans polite when they salted the ground of Carthage to make sure nothing would ever grow again?
The objective of the competition is to give correct answers, if I know them, why shouldn’t I give them?
Oh please, you don’t even have a PhD.
Good idea, I need my wrist brace, all this button pushing is aggravating my old Nintendo injury.
Leonard, excellent, I want to show you something.
Just look. I’ve designed the perfect uniforms for our team. The colours are based on Star Trek, the original series. The three of you will wear support red, and I will wear command gold.
Army Ants.
Why would a physics bowl team be called anodised aluminium?
Oh neat, what’s the occasion?
What?
No you didn’t.
Okay, I don’t know where you just came from, but it couldn’t have been a team meeting because I’m on the team and I wasn’t there, ergo the team did not meet.
Why?
Well, I’m sorry, is the winner of the physics bowl the team that has the most fun?
I see. Well. At this point I should inform you that I intend to form my own team and destroy the molecular bonds that bind your very matter together, and reduce the resulting particulate chaos to tears.
You’re welcome. One more thing.
It’s on, bitch.
Gentlemen.
Gentlemen.
Actually, I don’t need a team, I could easily defeat you single-handedly. But the rules require four, so may I introduce, the third floor janitor, he lady from the lunchroom, and, my Spanish is not good, either her son or her butcher. And what about your team? What rat have you recruited to the SS Sinking Ship?
Leslie Winkle?
Yes, well, I’m polymerised tree sap and you’re non-organic adhesive so, whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me, returns on its original trajectory, and adheres to you.
Formal protest.
The Velcro on my wrist brace caught on my shirt.
And of course, the answer is Technetium.
4.1855 times ten to the seventh ergs per calorie.
Lamda equals one over Pi R squared N
A sigma particle.
Hang on, hang on a second, that’s not our answer. What are you doing?
How do you know anything about physics?
Well that’s a delightful little story, but our arrangement was that you sit here and not say anything, I answer the questions.
Hey look, now maybe you have democracy now in your beloved Russia, but on this physics bowl team I rule with an iron fist. (Makes fist in the air). Ow!
Well it’s not what he said.
I want a different question.
Formal protest.
Informal protest.
No. I decline to provide one.
That’s your opinion.
I don’t understand the question.
Who?
That trophy is meaningless, I forfeited, therefore you did not win.
Who?
Alright that is very immature.
Absolutely.
The Brady Bunch?
William Shatner.
Then it’s got to be Patrick Stewart.
Formal protest.
Romulan.
