First off, that is axiomatically wrong, because the best pudding is chocolate. Secondly, the organic structure of tapioca makes it a jiggling bowl of potential death. It is extracted from the plant…
It is extracted from the plant…
Tapioca is extracted from the root of the plant Manihot Esculenta. Due to a high concentration of cyanide it is poisonous in its raw form and lethal if prepared improperly.
It is also indigenous to Brazil, as is the Cocoa Bean, from which we get chocolate, the best pudding. And you promised you wouldn’t do that anymore!
Hey it’s true, Kripke lacks the basic social skills that we take for granted, but he also controls the new open science grid computer that I need to use to run some simulations of structure formation in the early universe.
Well then, the solution is simple. I shall befriend him. Kripke!
What’d you say of the idea of you and I becoming friends?
Really? That seems rather short sighted, coming from someone who is generally considered altogether unlikable. Why don’t you take some time to reconsider?
Well I think we’re off to a terrific start.
Hello. This is Sheldon Cooper. I’m leaving a message for Barry Kripke. Barry, It was pleasant seeing you today in the cafeteria. I saw that you purchased the chef’s salad. Apparently, you did not know that the chef’s salad is kitchen trickery, to utilize scrap meat. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed it. I’m following up on our pending friendship, and I look forward to hearing from you regarding its status. Sheldon Cooper.
First warning.
Penny (knock, knock, knock) Penny (knock, knock, knock) Penny.This is for you.
Hi.
It’s a questionnaire I devised. I’m having some difficulty bonding with a colleague at work, so I’m doing a little research to better understand why my current friends like me.
Yeah, I agree, the social sciences are largely hokum. But, short of putting electrodes in your brain and monitoring your response to my companionship, this is the best I can do.
I know, I may have started off with a fairly obvious one. You did an aspect of my most appealing trait, playfulness. Why don’t you just go ahead and write that number 1. I’m afraid you’re on your own for the rest. It should take you no more than 3 hours.
Only 211. Don’t worry, in deference to you, I’ve kept them on a high school graduate reading level.
You got it, buddy.
Well that’s certainly a thought-provoking hypothesis. May I suggest it as the topic for your essay.
Your questionnaire, very disappointing.
You answered the multiple choice questions in a pattern. A B B A C. A B B A C.
How could I not?
avocado rancher. And your essay, suggesting that I’d have better luck making friends if I wait ’til the Cylons take over? Please.
Yes, well it’s better than what Wolowitz did. He drew a raccoon with what appears to be, a distended scrotum.
What hope do I have for establishing new relationships given that my current friends apparently cannot take a few hours out of their lives to help me?
I don’t see how you could.
What do you mean!?
I did learn how to swim.
The skills are transferrable. I just have no interest in going in the water.
The ice caps are melting Leonard. In the future, swimming isn’t going to be optional. But you do bring up an interesting point. I don’t have to break new ground here, I’m sure much of the research already exists.
That’s insane on the face of it. Come on.
You’re driving me to the mall. I’m going to acquire a book that summarizes the current theories in the field of friendmaking.
Coping with the death of a loved one. My condolences.
Family or friend?
Too bad. If it’d been a friend, I’m available to fill the void. (Woman moves away) It’s just as well, she smelled like moth balls.
Excuse me. Do you have any books about making friends?
I assume the skills can be extrapolated and transferred.
Oh! I love trains!
Oh my! That’s awfully sticky. Alright, let’s see. Bernie Bunny has Two Daddies Now. It’s probably about homosexual rabbits. Jerry the Gerbil and the Bullies on the Bus. Read it, not helpful. Oh! Here we go. Stu the Cockatoo is New at the Zoo. Author Sarah Carpenter lives in Fort Wayne, Indiana, with her husband and best friend Mark, and their cockatoos too. Hardly makes her an expert in making friends, wouldn’t you agree?
Me too! Most people don’t see it. What are you reading?
Oh I do like monkeys!
Somewhat anthropomorphized but yes. Say, maybe sometime you and I can go see monkeys together. Would you like that?
I’m making friends with this little girl. What’s your name?
Hi Rebecca, I’m your new friend, Sheldon.
We were really hitting it off.
Oh good! You’re just in time. I believe I’ve isolated the algorithm for making friends.
See, my initial approach to Kripke, had the same deficiencies as those that plagued Stu the Cockatoo, when he was new at the zoo.
It’s a terrific book. I’ve distilled its essence into a simple flowchart that would guide me through the process.
Hello, Kripke. Yes, Sheldon Cooper here. It occurred to me you hadn’t returned any of my calls because I hadn’t offered any concrete suggestions for pursuing our friendship. Perhaps the two of us might share a meal together… I see. Well then perhaps you’d have time for a hot beverage. Popular choices include tea, coffee, cocoa… I see. No, no, no, wait. Don’t hang up yet. What about a recreational activity? I bet we share some common interests. Tell me an interest of yours. Really? On actual horses? Tell me another interest of yours. Oh no, I’m sorry, I have no desire to get in the water until I absolutely have to. Tell me another interest of yours.
Mmhmm. Mmhmm. It’s interesting. But isn’t ventriloquism, by definition, a solo activity? Yeah? Tell me another interest of yours. Hmmm. Is there any chance you like monkeys? What is wrong with you? Everybody likes monkeys. Hang on, Kripke. (Checking changes Howard has made to his flowchart) A loop counter? And an escape to the least objectionable activity! Howard, that’s brilliant! I’m surprised you saw that.
Alright Kripke, that last interest strikes me as the least objectionable and I would like to propose that we do that together. Tomorrow. Yes, I’ll pay. Alright, goodbye. Alright! Time to learn rock climbing.
You know, I am a fan of ventriloquism. Maybe you, me and your dummy could go get a hot beverage. He could talk while you drink.
This appears significantly more monolithic than it did on my laptop. No, one expects to see Hominids learning to use bones as weapeons.
Hardly. Fear of heights is illogical. Fear of falling, on the other hand, is prudent and evolutionary. What would you say is the minimum altitude I need to achieve to cement our new-found friendship?
Little kid Hominids, perhaps. (To man who attaches him to ropes) Is this your entire job? Your parents must be so proud.
Coming, Kripke. Okay. Harness seems to be secure. Small amount of incontinence just now, but the website said that’s to be expected. Hey, this isn’t so bad. A bit like vertical swimming.
I am? I was wrong. It IS a fear of heights.
Not really. I feel somewhat like an inverse tangent function that’s approaching an asymptote.
What part of an inverse tangent function approaching an asymptote did you not understand?
Yeah, I don’t think I can.
No, that doesn’t seem any more likely.
Well, it’s not exactly a plan but I think I’m going to pass out.
Hello, everyone. I brought my new friend, Barry Kripke, home for dinner.
D-d-d! That’s where I sit.
Oh yes, I pass out all the time. But, it was worth it. I’ve made substantial progress in bonding with Kripke, which brings me to an awkward moment.
Maintaining five friendships promises to be a Herculean task. So, I’m going to have to let one of you go.
Leonard, you are my roommate, my source of transportation and you help me fold my sheets when they come out of the dryer. You are safe.
Don’t be silly. Howard, you do not have a PhD, your cologne is an assault on the senses and you’re not available for video games during the Jewish high holidays.
No. You, too, are safe.
Penny, Penny, Penny. Everything you’re saying is true, but please allow me to continue. Raj, you’re out. The good question, while you do provide a certain cultural diversity to an otherwise homogenous group, your responses to the questionnaire were truly disturbing. How could you, for a moment, think that my favourite amino acid is Glutamine?
Yeah. Shoulda, woulda coulda, Raj.
So uh, Kripke, I was wondering if there’s any chance you could get me some time on the open science grid computer.
No? But we’re friends!
I’m confused. I was given an understanding that you allow your friends time on the machine?
Oh. This entire endeavour seems to have been an exercise in futility. Raj, you’re back in. He likes monkeys.
Sheldon is seen dangling from the ropes
