That’s preposterous. I do not resemble C3PO. Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered, I just don’t see it.
What exactly does that expression mean, friends with benefits? Does he provide her with health insurance?
I’m sorry, I can’t imagine any of that.
I believe it’s my turn, you may begin your questions whenever you’re ready.
I don’t like this game.
I bet he’s someone from Babylon 5, we’re never going to guess.
I don’t understand. If you were in a non-emotional relationship then why are you having  what appears be an emotional response?
You know, I’m given to understand that there is an entire city in Nevada designed specifically to help people like Howard forget their problems. Where  you can replace them with new problems such as alcoholism, gambling addiction and sexually transmitted diseases.
I’d rather have a blowfly lay eggs and hatch larvae in my auditory canal.
Thank you. Hello, neighbour.
And how are you doing this fine evening?
Good. I’m glad.
I’m just in a good mood. While my compatriots are in Las Vegas, I will be enjoying a blissful evening in my personal Fortress of Solitude.
Do you know, I’m such a good mood, I’m actually finding your tenuous grasp of the English language folksy and charming today.
That is the intoxicating aroma of Kadhai Paneer, a perfect culinary representation of the freedom this evening holds. Not only is it Indian cuisine, which Koothrappali loathes, it contains a generous helping of peanuts, which would reduce Wolowitz to a wheezing 97 pound blister. And finally, it’s main ingredient is Paneer, a farmer’s cheese which would cause Leonard to render any room uninhabitable within minutes.
Penny. I realize you are also on your own tonight, so if at some point you find yourself with nothing to do, please do not disturb me.
Oh, I shall. (Sings Superman theme while searching his pockets.) No!
We have a bowl. Our keys go in a bowl. You should get a bowl.
I left them in the bowl.
Where?
What’s it doing in my apartment?
You were in my… why would you… what are you saying?
You’re the milk thief! Leonard said I was crazy but I knew that carton felt lighter.
Eat? My dinner? In your apartment?
Sure, why not? And after the sun’s down we can all pile in my pick-up and go skinny-dipping down at the creek. ‘Cause today’s the day to stop making sense.
So, how was your day?
No, it’s the accepted convention. How was your day?
I’m sorry, that’s not going to interest me at all, just eat.
Okay, that’s question 20, you have to guess.
How can one person be a whole movie?
Fine. I was Spock. Are you and Leonard friends with benefits.
Are you and Leonard friends with benefits?
No, Leonard said nothing, but who knows what goes on over here when he pretends your mail was misdelivered.
Hmm, I see.
I’m curious about the whole social construct. On its face, the idea of satisfying ones sexual appetite, assuming one is afflicted with such, without emotional entanglement, that seems eminently practical. What I’ve observed, however, is Howard Wolowitz crying like a little girl.
Can you?
Are you able to have sex with men without developing an emotional attachment?
Is this conversation making you uncomfortable?
I really have no idea. I don’t particularly excel at reading facial expressions, body language…
Thank you, that’s very helpful.
Are you suggesting I sleep on the couch.
I can’t sleep on your couch. I sleep in a bed. And given it’s dimensions I have no intention of living out E.M. Snickering’s beloved children’s book , The Tall Man From Cornwall.
There was a tall man from Cornwall whose length exceeded his bed. My body fits on it, but barely upon it, there’s no room for my big Cornish head.
May I say one last thing.
Alright. Goodnight.
Penny.
I can’t sleep. how are you going?
I’m homesick.
Twenty feet, twenty light years, it doesn’t matter. It’s in a galaxy far, far away.
Sing soft kitty.
Homesick is a type of being sick.
I suppose we can stay up and talk.
Sleepy kitty.
No. Start over.
Penny.
Thank you for letting me stay here.
Okay, I’m sleepy now, get out.
Oh, good, you’re finally home.
Well, we had dinner, uh, played some games, and then I spent the night. Oh, you’ll be happy to know that I now have a much better understanding of friends with benefits.
