Hu-u-u-uh…. Hu-u-u-uh!
This is Thai food.
We don’t have Thai food on Thursday. We have pizza on Thursday.
Well apparently the news didn’t reach my digestive system, which, when startled, has its own version of Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Rut? I think you mean consistency. And if we’re going to abandon that, then why even call it Thursday? Let’s call it Quonko Day and divide it into 29 hours of 17 minutes apiece, and celebrate it by sacrificing a goat to the mighty god Ra.
All right. Let’s go to the comic book store.
Last night was Wednesday. Wednesday is comic book night. Tonight, we’ll be going on Thursday, because it’s Anything Can Happen Thursday.
The one that estimates the odds of making contact with extraterrestrials by calculating the product of an increasingly restrictive series of fractional values such as those stars with planets, and those planets likely to develop life? N equals R times FP times NE times FL times FI times FC times L?
Fascinating.
To the comic book store. You’re probably thinking, the comic book store? On a Thursday? Why, I’ve fallen down the rabbit hole and into a land of madness. What you have failed to take into account, Penny, is that this is Anything Can Happen Thursday.
I think you mean comic books. Comics are feeble attempts at humour featuring talking babies and anthropomorphized pets found traditionally in the optimistically named funny pages.
Just pick out anything? Maybe at the same time we can pick out a new suit for him without knowing his size, or pick out his career for him without knowing his aptitude, or pick out a new breakfast cereal without knowing his fibre requirements or his feelings about little marshmallows.
Amazing Spider-Man, Ultimate Spider-Man, Spectacular Spider-Man, The Marvelous Adventures of Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2099?
Oh, I forgot Sensational Spider-Man.
A superb choice.
Yeah, provided he has already read Infinite Crisis and 52, and is familiar with the re-establishment of the DC multiverse.
Get her out of here.
Why should I let it go? I saw it first.
A far less impressive feat.
I need it for my Robin collection.
Why would I gamble? It’s mine. Let go.
No, you!
Yes, he won’t let go of my comic book.
Leonard, we need a ruling.
Once again, defeated by your own prurient interests.
So, Leonard, how are you enjoying Anything Can Happen Thursday?
Look at that, that’s a dent. Thank you, Howard Ham-Fisted Wolowitz. Did you just shut the TV off in the middle of the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode?
Are you ill?
All right. Then is it fair to say that you’re experiencing some sort of emotional turmoil over the events involving Penny earlier this evening?
A moment ago, when you turned off the TV in the middle of }during the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode. Would you like some advice?
Then, this is the perfect time to launch a blog with an interactive comments section.
Would you rather I offer my personal insight?
Oh, I disagree. Stuart is taller, artistic, self-employed and, most significantly, he gets 45 percent off comic books.
My original point.
Chinese food, vintage video games. After the nightmare of Anything Can Happen Thursday, this is Friday night the way it was meant to be.
Vintage doesn’t even begin to describe what we have planned. Tonight, we are playing the classic 1980 interactive text adventure, Zork. It’s the buggy beta version.
Oh, good, Stuart, I thought I heard your voice. Do you have a moment?
What are you doing?
Isn’t it a little late for coffee?
Well, I’ve spent the last three hours in an online debate in the DC Comics Batman chatroom, and I need your help.
I am asserting, in the event that Batman’s death proves permanent, that original Robin, Dick Grayson, is the logical successor to the Bat Cowl.
More wrong? Wrong is an absolute state and not subject to gradation.
Has to be? Has to be? I hope you’re being deliberately provocative.
Yeah, herbal tea for me, please.
Of course I am. Removing Joe Chill as the killer of Batman’s parents effectively deprived him of his raison d’être.
Au contraire.
I am forgetting nothing and I resent your tone.
So, I win.
So, I win.
Darn tootin’, I win.
No, no, no, no, don’t wake her. She’ll maul you like a rabid wolverine.
