Despite my deep love of chess, lasers and aerosol disinfectant, I must forfeit.
– Because it’s almost eleven o’clock.
So, Penny has a don’t knock on my door before eleven o’clock  or I punch you in the throat rule.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
It’s eleven am.
This package came while you were at work.
Excuse me.
You have to sign this.
When I signed for the package, I was deputized by the United Parcel Service and entrusted with its final delivery. I now need you to acknowledge receipt of the package so that I’m fully indemnified and no longer liable.
Well, the contents are irrelevant. A legal bailment has been created. Does that mean nothing to you?
Bailment describes a relationship in common law where a physical possession of personal property, or chattels, is transferred from one person, the bailor, to another person, the bailee.
Obviously, not a cleaning business.
Good for you. Sign here.
But then who will bring me my cheeseburger on Tuesday nights?
What’s her name?
And you’re going to let her handle my food?
I think you’re just making that up.
Maybe I’d be better off with Nancy.
How many of these can you make a day?
And how much profit do you make per Penny Blossom?
No, Of course you’re not. All right, ten dollars a day times five days a week times 52 weeks a year is two thousand six hundred dollars.
Before taxes.
I believe the Internal Revenue Service would strongly disagree. But, if you took advantage of modern marketing techniques, and you optimized your manufacturing process, you might be able to make this a viable business.
Penny, I’m a physicist. I have a working knowledge of the entire universe and everything it contains.
I have a working knowledge of the important things in the universe. Good luck.
Of course I could.
Just to be clear here, you’re asking for my assistance.
And you understand that will involve me telling you what to do?
And you’re not allowed to be sarcastic or snide to me while I’m doing so.
Good. Let’s begin with the premise that everything you’ve done up to this point is wrong.
Sarcasm. Good-bye.
All right. 12 minutes and 17 seconds.
That’s 4.9 Penny Blossoms per hour. Based on your cost of materials and your wholesale selling price, you’ll effectively be paying yourself… $5.19 a day.
There are children in a sneaker factory in Indonesia who outearn you.
You’re questioning my math?
Want me to show my work?
All right, are you familiar with the development that resulted from Honoré Blanc’s 1778 use of interchangeable parts? The assembly line, of course.
That wasn’t a part of our original agreement, and I do not agree to it now.
You’re thinking of the moving assembly line, an understandable but not excusable mistake. No. The moving assembly line, that was introduced by Henry Ford in 1908. That innovation is what made possible our modern consumer culture by enabling a low-unit cost for manufactured goods. I guess that isn’t one of the topics discussed on your Radiohead.
I assume you’re referring to the sea shanty. It’s a rhythmic work song designed to increase productivity.
Penny’s making hair accessories. I’m helping her optimize her manufacturing process. All right, break’s over. (They start singing again.)
Hot glue.
It won’t work, the flower’s too porous.
Intriguing.
Hush, hush, hush, hush, hush, virtually non-existent. I’m thinking that we set her up with a hosted turnkey e-commerce system to start.
Of course, but before we set up a marketing and distribution infrastructure, we should finish optimizing the manufacturing process. To start with, she has a terrible problem with moisture-induced glitter clump.
Let’s think out of the box for a moment. How about a molecular sieve?
Wow.
Oh, great. Raj, why don’t you and Howard go get the charcoal? Leonard, why don’t you start working on some preliminary Web site designs. I’ll make some space in our apartment so we can move the manufacturing process.
It’s not my apartment.
– What’s wrong with it?
Penny, this is your enterprise, so it’s ultimately your decision, but based on the quality of his work, I’d strongly recommend that we let Leonard go.
What I want is irrelevant. This is Penny’s decision. Penny?
Camouflaging bald spots. That’s primarily a male concern. Perhaps we could expand our market.
Brilliant. Men love Bluetooth.
Penny, everything is better with Bluetooth.
Oh, another market to expand into, balding gay men.
We should get to work.
Excuse me, but was this not your goal? Financial independence through entrepreneurial brilliance and innovation? My brilliance and innovation, of course, but still.
Okay, that, right there, that equivocation and self-doubt, that is not the American spirit. Did Davy Crockett quit at the Alamo? Did Jim Bowie?
Alright, let me put it this way. Your gross receipts on this one order will be over $3,000 for one night’s work.
I believe I’m hearing some negativity on the factory floor.
Penny, the labour force is a living organism that must be carefully nurtured. Any counterproductive grumbling must be skilfully headed off by management. Observe. Hey! Less talk, more work!
Thank you. You hear any union talk, you let me know.
‘Cause I sold my soul to the company store.
No, I don’t drink coffee.
I’m sorry, coffee’s out of the question. When I moved to California, I promised my mother that I wouldn’t start doing drugs.
I have complete faith that you will make them. Good night.
You’re right, of course.
Very well, but if this leads to opiates or hallucinogenics, you’re going to have to answer to my mother.
Look at Planck’s Constant. People say it’s arbitrary. It could not be less arbitrary. If it varied even slightly, life as we know it would not exist. Bam! Now, now, let’s reconsider the entire argument, but with entropy reversed and effect preceding cause, so you are thinking of a universe that’s not expanding from the centre, no, it is retreating from a, from a possibility space. Bam! This is a space where we are all essentially Alice through the looking glass, standing in front the Red Queen, and we’re being offered a cracker to quench our thirst. Bam! Of course, in another universe, let’s call it universe prime, there’s another Sheldon, let’s call him Sheldon prime…
Zoom, zoom, zoom! Where’s the coffee?
No problem. I’ll be back before this banana hits the ground. Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom! Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom!
