Fellow warriors, this is Sheldor the Conqueror. We are about to enter Axel’s fortress. Now this is a long run, so let’s do another bladder check. Alright Barry, we’ll wait for you again, but you really should see a doctor. (There is banging at the door.) Sheldor is AFK. (Goes out to find Penny having trouble getting into her apartment.) Penny, are you experiencing some sort of difficulty?
You appear to have put your car key in the door lock, are you aware of that?
Alright then. (Turns to return inside. One of the grocery bags Penny is holding falls to the floor spilling groceries.)
Would it be possible for you to do this a little more quietly?
Well that’s not surprising. That Baldwin lock on your door uses traditional edge mounted cylinders, whereas the key for your Volkswagon uses a centre cylinder system.
You’re welcome. Point of inquiry, why did you put your car key in the door lock?
Well, the American Midwest was mostly settled by Scandinavian and Germanic peoples who, well they have a characteristic facial bone structure….
Well, actually, insects are a dietary staple in many cultures, they’re almost pure protein.
I believe the condensation on your frozen foods weakened the structural integrity of the bag. But returning to your key conundrum, perhaps you should call a locksmith and have him open the door for you.
And you’re frustrated because he phrased his reply in the form of a meaningless tautology?
There there. (Reluctantly) Would you prefer to wait in our apartment?
Alright then. (Turns to go inside again.)
Just when I think I’ve gotten the hang of sarcasm.
Make yourself comfortable. (Sits in Sheldon’s place.) Not there. (Sits on other end of sofa. Puts feet on table. Sheldon looks disapprovingly. Removes feet from table. Sheldon sits and replaces headset.) Sheldor is back online.
The Conqueror.
AFK. I’m playing Age of Conan, an online multiplayer game set in the universe of Robert E. Howard’s Conan the Barbarian.
Sheldor, back online.
AFK. Away from keyboard.
What does that stand for?
Yes, but what does it stand for?
Now just click on the enchanted boots to put them on.
Just click on them. Congratulations, you are now a level three warrior.
It doesn’t matter, right now you’re looking for treasure.
You’re okay, if you run into crocodiles just kick them with your boots.
Well let’s see, uh, she attempted to open her apartment with her car key, because her face is overly Midwestern, um, she hasn’t had sex in six months, and she ate a fly.
Level three and she thinks she’s rich! What a noob.
They make up a non-Newtonian fluid which is liquid, but solid under the percussive action of the speaker.
Do you have the enchanted sword?
You can’t slay the guard captain with a bronze dagger, my Lord it’s like the car key in your apartment door all over again.
Well, have you been to the Temple of Mithra?
No, no, no, it’s… oh for God’s sakes, gimme. (Takes laptop.)
You’re going to have to learn to do these things for yourself, Penny.
There you go, one enchanted sword.
That girl needs to get a life.
Danger, danger.
You’re in my bedroom.
People can’t be in my bedroom.
I’m not wearing pyjama bottoms.
I spilled grape juice.
I can’t wear different pyjamas, these are my Monday pyjamas. Penny, people cannot be in my bedroom.
You were invited on a quest to the Black Castle?
Of course it’s not, you’re only a level 25, the Hungarians are just using you for dragon fodder.
Please Penny, enough, I have to sleep.
I realise that Dr Gablehauser but it is your job, as head of the department, to mediate all inter-departmental disputes. University policy manual chapter four, subsection two, mediation of inter-departmental disputes.
No she doesn’t.
Here’s the problem. I was clearly signed up to use the mainframe in Buckman 204, and Dr Winkle just wantonly ripped the sign-up sheet off the wall.
If it is a crime to ensure that the universities resources are not being squandered chasing sub-atomic wild geese then I plead guilty. (His phone rings.) Oh, Penny!
God, no.
Oh yeah, well, you wouldn’t even be nominated. Dr Gablehauser, I have a series of important multi-bit calculations and simulations to run. All she’s doing is reducing irrelevant data and making a mock…
Hello. Penny, this is not a good time. No, I told you, you’re not prepared for the Sanctum of Burning Souls. You need to be in a group of at least five for that quest, and one should be a level 35 healer. Penny, I can’t log on and help you. We’ll talk when I get home. (Puts phone down) I’m not getting the computing time, am I?
Leonard, you have to do something about Penny. She is interfering with my sleep, she’s interfering with my work, and if I had another significant aspect of my life, I’m sure she’d be interfering with that too.
Well, yes, but you’re the one who said hello to her when she moved in. If you’d simply restrained yourself none of this would be happening.
I did. I told her, I texted her, I sent out a very emphatic twitter. I even changed my facebook status to Sheldon Cooper wishes Penny would leave him alone. I don’t know what else to do.
I don’t know, but if you don’t figure something out, I warn you I shall become very difficult to live with.
Yes.
Danger, danger.
Oh yeah, well your attempt at juvenilizing me by excluding me from the set of adult males…. oh, I’m too tired to do this.
She comes into my room. No-one’s supposed to be in my room.
Hang on, Leonard, while I have no respect for Leslie as a scientist, or a human being for that matter, we have to concede her undeniable expertise in the interrelated fields of promiscuity and general sluttiness.
Some what? Oh, yes, some sexual intercourse.
Yeah, yeah, enough debate, I’m going to take action. (Leans over to a good looking man on a nearby table.) Excuse me, are you currently involved in a sexual relationship?
Would you like to be?
Zip it pip it. Can I have your phone number?
There, problem solved.
Stay close to the wall. Avoid the mummies.
I must say, you’re playing very well for a woman of 23?
Right. 22. (Cut to his screen, he is filling in an online dating profile.)
What happened to the rest of your group?
Frenzy stance.
So listen, would you describe your ideal vacation as a wild adventure to unknown lands, or staying at home curled up with a good book?
These are market research questions. I’m filling out the online registration for your game.
Drink a healing potion.
You’re welcome. Anyhow, on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being always initiated by him, and 5 being always initiated by you, how do you prefer your sexual encounters to begin?
Oh yes, it’s quite extensive. But if we complete it, we get a free expansion pack, 75 additional quests.
Good to know. Big old five.
Leonard, this is Tom.
Yes, you were very clear, as was everyone else at the table. Tom, however, has been chosen by science as a suitable mate for Penny.
Well, what passes for science on dating sites. They claim to use heuristic algorithms, but it may well be hokum.
No, of course not. No, I used trickery and deceit.
Tom is a paramedic with the fire department, but he’s going to med school at night, uh, he likes the outdoors, and, uh, strong women who initiate sex.
I’m surprised you struck out with Penny. Apparently she’s a big old five.
Oh, good, you got my note. Penny, I’d like you to meet Tom, uh, Penny, this is Tom, Tom, may I present Penny.
Can we talk about this later.
But wouldn’t you prefer to socialise with Tom, who is a sexually passive outdoorsman.
