Sit over there. Baby wipe?
I’ll tell you why.
I had to sanitize my hands because the university replaced the paper towels in the rest rooms with hot air blowers.
Hot air blowers are incubators and spewers of bacteria and pestilence. Frankly it would be more hygienic if they just had a plague infested gibbon sneeze my hands dry.
Excuse me. Thirty what, under thirty what, to watch what?
If I had a million guesses I never would have gotten that.
I’m confused. Was there some sort of peer review committee to determine which scientists would be included?
What people?
Yeah, but exactly who are these people? What are their credentials, how are they qualified, what makes accidentally noticing a hunk of rock that’s been traipsing around the solar system for billions of years more noteworthy than any other scientific accomplishment made by someone under thirty?
In general, yes.
Oh, there’s my missing neutrino. You were hiding from me as an unbalanced charge, weren’t you, you little subatomic Dickens?
Here, look, look, I found my missing neutrino.
Apologise, for what?
I sense you’re trying to tell me something.
Oh! No, I beg to differ. Of the three of us, I was by far the most supportive.
How will Raj ever reach true greatness if his friends lower the bar for him? When I was eleven, my sister bought our father a “world’s greatest dad” coffee mug, and frankly the man coasted until the day he died.
I had not considered that.
I often forget other people have limitations. It’s so sad.
But I’m not.
Fine, what do you want me to do?
Dr Gablehauser.
Well, you didn’t discover him, you merely noticed he was here, much like he did with 2008 NQ sub 17.
Oh, sorry. (Smiles)
He gets a new office, I can’t even get paper towels in the men’s room?
Damn, this is hard. (Smiles)
Aaaah!
Right, a ball of hot flaming gas that collapses in on itself. (Leonard nudges him. He smiles. Phone rings.)
Have we at this point met our social obligations?
Now?
There’s a tribe in Papua New Guinea where, when a hunter flaunts his success to the rest of the village they kill him, and drive away evil spirits with a drum made of his skin. Superstitious nonsense of course, but one can see their point. (Smiles)
I can make it, but I won’t.
A tremendous accomplishment would be if the planetary body he discovered were plummeting toward Earth and he exploded it with his mind.
Now?
Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced not shredded?
Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
Brown rice, not white?
Did you stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard.
Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market?
Thank you.
What took you so long?
Fine. (Opens carton. Shows it to Leonard in disgust.)
I want you to check before you accept the order.
Were you distracted by the possibility that Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny tonight?
Then there’s no excuse for this chicken. You know, this situation with Koothrapali brings to mind a story from my childhood.
That’s Northwest Texas, I’m from East Texas, the Gulf region, home to many Vietnamese shrimpers.
No. Anyway, when I was eight, a Montgomery-Ward delivery van ran over our cat, Lucky.
Yes, Lucky.
While others mourned Lucky, I realised his untimely demise provided me with the opportunity to replace him with something more suited to my pet needs. A faithful companion that I could snuggle with at night, and yet would be capable of killing upon telepathic command.
Please, no, nothing so pedestrian. I wanted a griffin.
Yes, half eagle, half lion.
Irrelevant. See, I was studying recombinant DNA technology and I was confident I could create one, but my parents were unwilling to secure the necessary eagle eggs and lion semen. Course my sister got swimming lessons when she wanted them.
My point is, if Koothrappali is moving on to a new life of shallow, undeserved fame, perhaps this is an opportunity to create a better cohort.
That’s one option, but who has the time? But consider this, the Japanese, they’re doing some wonderful work with artificial intelligence, now, you combine that with some animatronics from the imagineers over at Disney, next thing you know, we’re playing Halo with a multi-lingual Abraham Lincoln.
Uh, for the record, it could kill us to meet new people. They could be murderers, or the carriers of unusual pathogens, and I’m not insane, my mother had me tested.
He should share our love of technology.
