Forget it.
It’s a waste of time. I might as well explain the laws of thermodynamics to a bunch of labradoodles.
Hello. Nice work with the laser, by the way. Looking out at your fresh young faces, I remember when I too was deciding my academic future as a lowly graduate student. Of course, I was 14, and I’d already achieved more than most of you could ever hope to, despite my 9 o’clock bedtime. Now, there may be one or two of you in this room who has what it takes to succeed in theoretical physics, although, it’s more likely that you’ll spend your scientific careers teaching fifth graders how to make paper mache volcanoes with baking soda lava.
In short, anyone who told you that you would someday be able to make any significant contribution to physics played a cruel trick on you, a cruel trick indeed. Any questions? Of course not. I weep for the future of science. Now if you’ll excuse me, the latest issue of Batman is out. Come, Leonard.
The truth can indeed be a finger down the throat of those unprepared to hear it. But why should I cater to second-rate minds?
Oh, yeah? Well… you’re a mean person.
That is the prevailing opinion.
Amazing, an intelligent labradoodle.
The fact is I’m quite close to a breakthrough in showing how neutrinos emerge from a string-net condensate.
It’s what I do.
I don’t drink coffee.
I do eat dinner.
I never eat in strange restaurants. One runs the risk of non-standard cutlery.
Three tines is not a fork, three tines is a trident. Forks are for eating, tridents are for ruling the seven seas.
That would be acceptable. On Mondays, I eat Thai food. Mee krob and chicken sate with extra peanut sauce from Siam Palace.
What a nice girl.
Yes. Apparently I’m getting a free dinner.
Oh, hello.
Did you enjoy the humorous footnote where I illustrate mirror-symmetry by likening it to the Flash playing tennis with himself?
My hypotheses tend to have that effect.
Yes.
Not in these pants.
Oh, great. She’s smart, insightful and she has a very unique way of, you know, revering me.
Thank you. Did anyone touch it?
Ramona pointed out that I’ve been wasting 20 minutes a day standing on cafeteria lines.
You don’t tackle the big issues, Ramona. You fence with them. En garde. Riposte.
Oh, good one.
Well, to paraphrase Mozart, all the subatomic particles are there, I just have to put them in the right order.
Aren’t I?
Yes, I’m close to a breakthrough. Ooh, it tickles
Oh, yes, it’s Halo night. Let me just dry my tootsies.
Yes, I am. It’s Wednesday. Wednesday’s Halo night.</i>
He did.
Me. Sorry, Leonard.
You heard her. How can I argue with me?
I prefer to think of it as I’m pulling them forward.
He does on Wednesdays.
He does want that. Does a man with my intellectual gifts play paintball on weekends?
Drat.
I suppose. Battlestar Galactica comes on tonight. (Pause) I guess I can wait for the DVD. (Pause) And then never ever watch it.
Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny
Please, please, I don’t have a lot of time. Look, Ramona finally dozed off, and I need you to help me get rid of her.
I don’t know, but apparently I’m in some kind of relationship, and you seem to be an expert at ending them.
I see man after man leaving this apartment never to return.
Hide me.
I formally request sanctuary.
Um… she distracted me. I told you, Penny, I don’t have time for your nonsense, I have important things to do.
It’s Morse code.
So we can communicate through the wall.
Yes, but the communication is not encrypted.
It’s very simple. This is A (knock knock) this is B (knock knock-knock-knock) this is C…
All right.
Shh! Ramona’s sleeping on the couch.
Never, that’s the problem. I need your help.
I’m invoking the Skynet clause of our friendship agreement.
Come on! Don’t nitpick!
Shh. All right, I’m invoking our bodysnatchers clause.
Yes. She’s in the living room. Go, I’ll wait here.
Now! Do it!
Godzilla clause?
Rats.
I’ve got it! I finally reconciled the black hole information paradox with my theory of string-network condensates!
And I could not have done it without you.
It was a lot more than that. You helped me work out the masses of all the fermions, and you pumiced my hammer toe. How can I ever repay you?
Who’s Nowitzki?
Oh, you want me to share credit?
Get out!
Maybe when I publish it, I’ll include an inhaler.
Let’s see, today’s Thursday. Thursday nights, I eat pizza from Giacomo’s. Sausage, mushrooms, light olives.
What a nice girl.
Yes, I’m getting a free pizza. I’m on a roll.
More Pad Thai, please.
Just one more bite.
I’m just so… full.
