This should be fairly easy to deduce. He’s holding the phone to his left ear. Ears do not cross hemispheres, so he’s using the analytical rather than the emotional side of the brain, suggesting that he has no personal relationship with the caller.
He’s referring to an activity he has done before. It’s unpleasant and needs to be repeated. This suggests some sort of invasive medical test, like perhaps a colonoscopy.
Yes, yes. Yeah, I’m definitely going with colonoscopy.
I have the same problem with him. My theory is that his lack of focus stems from an over-developed sex drive.
That seems a fairly efficient arrangement.
Of course. I would very much like to read about your sex life.
The frequency with which your parents had intercourse.
Aw…
What a remarkable woman.
I envy you your childhood.
You’re clearly misremembering. Your mother is brilliant, analytical, insightful, and I’m betting she never hit you with a Bible because you wouldn’t eat your Brussels sprouts.
You were lucky. When I was a kid, if I wanted an EEG, I had to attach my own electrodes.
Leonard, I had no idea your siblings were so much more successful than you.
It’s totally understandable. In bladder voiding, as in real estate, it’s location, location, location.
Her reasoning is unassailable. It is one o’clock.
You went to the comic book store without me.7
I know. Although I’ve always hated how my right frontal lobe looks in pictures.
I’d love to see a scan of your brain sometime.
Oh, I can’t believe that.
My apologies. I’ve been living with your son too long. Gotten into some bad habits.
Can I make you a cup of tea?
I feel very comfortable around you.
It’s surprising because I generally don’t feel comfortable around, well, anyone.
What are the odds that two individuals as unique as ourselves would be connected by someone as comparatively workaday as your son?
I’d like to do the math.
So, what do you think?
Normally, I’d feel the same way. But based on everything I’ve observed about us, I can’t help but speculate we’d be very good together.
I was hesitant the first time I tried it, but I experienced an unanticipated and remarkable release of endorphins. It’s quite satisfying.
You see right through me, don’t you?
