Well, you’re the doctor, but I am constantly hearing this annoying sound.
Is it a high-frequency whistle?
Then it must be a tumour.
Is that possible? I used to get those all the time. Even in church.
It’s not enough that she mocks me, but that isn’t even the correct procedure for a cootie shot.
How is it imaginary that I keep hearing an octave above Middle C? Is that imaginary? I don’t think so.
Leonard, there’s one more thing. Under Article One, Section Three of our Roommate Agreement, I’m calling an emergency meeting.
Leonard moves the meeting not occur. Is there a second? None heard, the motion fails. I’d like to begin the meeting by congratulating you on the progress in your relationship with Dr. Stephanie.
That being said, we have to discuss the implementation of the agreed upon “cohabitation” rider which has been activated now that the two of you are living together.
all the weekends of a given month plus three weeknights.
You initialed it. See? L.H., L.H., L.H.
Hmm, yes, you did. Now, to review the following provisions are hereby activated. In the refrigerator, as opposed to us having two separate shelves and one communal shelf, the three of us now get individual shelves and the door becomes communal. Next, apartment vacuuming shall be increased from two to three times a week to accommodate the increased accumulation of dead skin cells. Third,the bathroom schedule. Now, I’m given to understand women have different needs, so, we’ll have to discuss that.
At least take this with you. Look, and have Stephanie initial here, here, here, here and here. This states that she does not now nor does she intend to play a percussive or brass instrument. Sure it sounds like a tumor pressing on the auditory nerve.
It’s not a big deal. We have latex gloves.
Good morning, Dr. Stephanie. I trust Leonard satisfied you sexually last night.
I heard you ask it over and over. How is it inappropriate for me to ask it once?
See? She’s not offended. And now you finally have an answer.
In Leonard’s defence, it wasn’t for lack of trying.
You’re welcome, Leonard.
Really? I have never once been invited to have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian.
What could I possibly have done to offend Mrs. Vartabedian?
Oh, she is. She’s terrific, and she’s proving to be a valuable roommate.
Like hippies.
Do I have to pull out the paperwork again?
Hang on. 130 over 80. A little high. We can attribute that to the stress of sneaking past the security desk.
My aunt Marion gave them to me for my 12th birthday. She thought if I failed at theoretical physics that I should have a trade to fall back on. And by the way, the blood pressure cuff is called a sphygmomanometer.
Didn’t they teach you that in medical school?
I understand. All I need is for you to authorize these tests.
Oh, and an exploratory laparoscopy. Last time I had hiccups, it felt like my diaphragm was just going through the motions.
Can I at least have the upper GI? I already drank the barium!
Wha??
I knew it! What do I do?
For how…
