Oh, boy.
I can’t comment without violating our agreement that I don’t criticize your work.
Great restraint on my part.
Perhaps you mean a different thing than I do when you say science.
You actually had it right in the first place. Once again, you’ve fallen for one of my classic pranks. Bazinga! Well, now here’s a peculiar e-mail. The president of the university wants me to meet him at his office tomorrow morning at 8 a.m.
It doesn’t say. It must be an emergency. Everyone at the university knows I eat breakfast at eight and move my bowels at 8:20.
That’s 14 hours away. For the next 840 minutes, I’m effectively one of Heisenberg’s particles, I know where I am or I know how fast I’m going, but I can’t know both. Yet how am I supposed to carry on with this huge annoying thing hovering over my head?
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
Why is everybody keep telling me what time it is?
You, the president of the university, his wife, their sullen teenage daughter. That entire family is fascinated by what time it is and whether people know it.
He didn’t respond to my e-mail, his phone number is unlisted. Tell me what my other option was.
Do you remember the grant proposal I submitted to the National Science Foundation to detect slow-moving monopoles at the magnetic North Pole?
Aw, how nice. Well, a space opened up at the last minute on the NSF expedition to the Arctic Circle.
Yes. In fact, he was quite enthusiastic. He said, “Frankly, if I could send you tonight, I would.”
Of course not. I’m a theoretical physicist, a career I chose in no small part because it’s indoors, but if I’m able to detect slow-moving magnetic monopoles there, I will be the scientist to confirm string theory. People will write books about me. Third-graders will create macaroni-art dioramas depicting scenes from my life.
Sarcasm?
I’m on the horns of a dilemma. Can you imagine me, Sheldon Cooper, at the North Pole?
I’m not good with cold, Leonard. How often have we had to leave a movie theatre because I got a headache from drinking the Icee too fast? I can’t go.
How can you say that? The scientific opportunity of a lifetime presents itself and my best friend says don’t go.
Listen to you. How can I possibly go?
Odd, President Seibert posed the exact same question.
It wasn’t. His wife set their dogs on me and rendered the question moot.
Good news, gentlemen, I have tentatively accepted…
…the invitation to join the Arctic Expedition.
Thank you, but your sentiments may be premature.
I would like to propose that the three of you accompany me.
Yes.
I’ll admit that was a concern. But the fact is, I’ll need a support team. And the three of you are my first choice.
Well, there are others who might be more qualified, but the thought of interviewing them gave me a stomach ache. Now, I know I’m proposing an enormous undertaking, so why don’t you take a few moments to discuss it?
I’m still within earshot! You may want to wait for my door to close.
Well, gentlemen, have you reached a decision?
Excellent. And just an FYI, as I am the expedition’s team leader, protocol dictates that be phrased fine, sir. But don’t worry, there will be a briefing.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
I need access to the Cheesecake Factory’s walk-in freezer.
No. This is to train for a three-month expedition to the magnetic North Pole.
I don’t know how that sentence could possibly confuse you, but to elaborate, I’m going to the Arctic Circle with Leonard, Wolowitz and Koothrappali.
Yes.
Yes.
Is that a yes or a no on the freezer? The woman has the attention span of a gnat.
Yes, yes, you were busy, you were surprised, all very fascinating. Now where do we stand on the freezer?
I’m sorry, but at what point do you put this see what you can do plan into action?
No. Did she seem upset to you?
Oh, good, I got it right. Are you upset?
Two for two. I’m on fire.
That feels like a bonus question. I’m going to stop here while I’m ahead, but I’ve had a great time.
Alright, now the purpose of this drill is to acclimate us to the use of tools in extreme temperatures such as we will face in the Arctic Circle.
Right here. All right, team, open up your practice kits. As the university did not permit me to bring the actual equipment we’ll be using to the Cheesecake Factory, because apparently I’m “ridiculous,” I’ve provided substitutes which will exercise your fine motor skills. Leonard, you will be doing a series of complex mathematical problems on a vintage Casio model 1175 calculator watch I received when I won the Earth Science medal in 3rd grade. Treat it with respect. Raj, you will be painting sideburns and a Van Dyke on a six-inch figurine of Legolas the elf. Now, remember, a Van Dyke is a goatee without a moustache. Wolowitz, you will be completing a series of delicate surgical procedures on the classic children’s game, Operation. To begin with, you will remove funny bone for two hundred dollars.
And begin.
Adversity is to be expected. Continue.
Gentlemen, use your imagination. Innovate. Did Han Solo let Luke Skywalker freeze to death on the ice planet of Hoth? No. He cut open a tauntaun and used its internal body heat to warm him up.
I hadn’t thought of that. I guess we’re done here.
Here, drink slash eat this.
It’s hot chocolate with a stick of butter.
Because in the frigid temperatures in the Arctic, we need to consume at least 5,000 calories a day just to maintain our body weight.
Way ahead of you, that’s an “I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter” stick.
That’s very unlikely, Mrs. Koothrappali. If Raj dies, it’ll be from frostbite, gangrene, acute sunburn or being ripped to shreds by a fifteen hundred pound polar bear.
I want a cookie, Meemaw.
But Meemaw just made cookies.
What?
Okay, Leonard, I know you’re concerned about disappointing me but I want you to take comfort from the knowledge that my expectations of you are very low.
Comforting is a part of leadership. It’s not a part I care for, but such is my burden.
Assuming that’s a valid reason not to go, which it isn’t, how do you know this? Did she say it?
What is it?
Oh, that’s clever. Let me see if I understand this correctly. Her missing you is an emotional state you find desirable?
All right. Well, given that missing you is predicated on you leaving, logic dictates you must leave.
She does have a short attention span.
Leonard, you may be right. It appears that Penny secretly wants you in her life in a very intimate and carnal fashion.
Of course not. Even in my sleep-deprived state, I’ve managed to pull off another one of my classic pranks. Bazinga!
All right, men, we begin initial assembly and deployment of the testing equipment starting tomorrow at 0700 hours, but until then, you are all off duty. I suggest you keep the shenanigans to a minimum as medical help is 18 hours away by dogsled.
It is remarkable.
What are we having?
Did you bring the dehydrated low-sodium soy sauce?
Freeze-dried spicy mustard?
Flash-frozen brown rice, not white?
Not to worry. I hid it. Bazinga! You’re in my spot.
Three months. This is gonna be great!
