Penny, hello.
What is shaking?
It’s colloquial, a conversation opener. So, do you find the weather satisfying? Are you currently sharing in the triumph of some local sports team?
I’m striking up a casual conversation with you. S’u’up?
All right, But I’m given to understand that when you have something awkward to discuss with someone, it’s more palatable to preface it with banal chit chat.
No.
Oh, good, I used that right. Anyway, you’re aware that Leonard has entered into a new romantic relationship which includes a sexual component?
Her name is Dr. Stephanie Barnett and she is a highly distinguished surgical resident at Freemont Memorial.
Good. What he may have left out is how important this relationship is to me.
Yes, see, of the handful of women Leonard’s been involved with, she’s the only one I have ever found tolerable.
The statement stands for itself.
Anyway, should you have any interaction with her, it would be most helpful that she not see you as a sexual rival.
You say that now, but consider the following scenario, you’re sitting in your apartment, it’s late, you’re alone, your hypothalamus is swimming in a soup of estrogen and progesterone and suddenly even Leonard seems like a viable sexual candidate, or a, uh, hookup as it’s referred to by today’s urban youth.
Yes. Now, should that happen, I would ask you to find some way to suppress your libido.
Fine, whatever works.
Uh, peace out!
Well, this is very pleasant.
And you said there’d never be enough pasta for the three of us.
You know, Italian housewives have a rule of thumb. A handful of dry pasta about an inch in diameter is sufficient for each person as it doubles in volume when cooked.
Thank you.
Well, Stephanie, since Leonard seems to be dropping the conversational ball, I guess I’ll just have to pick it up. Have you ever witnessed a violent crime?
Good. What’s your favourite fruit?
Hmm, technically not a fruit, but all right. Where did you do your medical internship?
Really? That’s where I was born!
I spent so much of my childhood at that hospital. When I was 12, I got to ride there in a helicopter.
Radiation burns. A little mishap while I was building my own cat scanner.
No, I didn’t try, I succeeded. In fact, I was briefly able to see the inside of my sister’s guinea pig, Snowball, before he caught fire. It led to an interesting expression in our house, not a snowball’s chance in a cat scanner.
Excuse me. When I come back, just for fun, the subject will be alternative history. Specifically, how would the civil war have gone differently if Lincoln had been a robot sent from the future? (To Leonard) Look at that, there’s even pasta left over.
I do. Do you? Because frankly, you’ve been in a foul mood since I sat down.
To help. Look, if you fail at this relationship, and history suggests you will, then we risk losing the medical officer that our landing party has always needed.
You’re Kirk, I’m Spock, Wolowitz is Scotty, Koothrappali is the guy who always gets killed, and now we’ve got McCoy.
I have a bone to pick with you, sir.
Hi, Stephanie. I’m sorry I’m late, but your companion left the most indecipherable invitation.
We’re going to the movies. What movie? What theatre? What time? If you were trying to make it impossible to locate you, you couldn’t have done a better job.
It took me nearly 20 minutes to go through the browser history on your computer to see what movie times you looked up. Wait here, I’ll find us seats.
My apologies, you’ve been sitting in it all along. Leonard, you want to slide over one?
Oh, yeah, this is it.
Leonard (knock, knock, knock) Leonard (knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
Tell me what you see here.
This is Stephanie’s facebook page. Now, where it should say in a relationship, what does it say?
Yeah, furthermore, earlier this evening, she threw a digital sheep at some guy named Mike. Who’s Mike? Why does he get a digital sheep and not you?
You don’t see it, do you? We’re losing her.
I’m afraid I can’t allow that. Pursuant to Starfleet General Order 104 Section A, you are deemed unfit and I hereby relieve you of your command.
Give me one good reason why not.
Penny (knock, knock, knock) Penny (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
This is banana bread.
It’s my understanding that an unsolicited gift of food can be a precursor to an impromptu invitation to come in and chat.
I suppose I could spare a few minutes. Were you robbed?
How can you be sure?
I’m certain this will come as no surprise to you, but Leonard is failing in yet another relationship.
She’s sending virtual livestock to random men on the internet. If I have any hope of keeping them together, I need data. Specifically, I need to know exactly what Leonard did that caused you to pop an emotional cap in his buttocks.
Again, urban slang. In which, I believe I’m gaining remarkable fluency. So, what is the down and the low? And don’t worry, this is all entirely confidential, so, you feel free to include any and all shortcomings in the bedroom.
Because?
It’s not enough that you made me watch that movie, but now you mock me with it?
Gentlemen, I have a question about dating and relationships.
More to the point, it’s about finding a way to keep Leonard and Stephanie together.
Well, why not?
Yes, I’m aware of the math, Y equals 27 days over 12 to the nth, the issue remains, how do we circumvent his inevitable rejection?
So, that’s all you’ve got? Apocalyptic genocide and go easy on the cologne?
Penny (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny. Zucchini bread.
May I come in?
I see. Apparently my earlier inquiry regarding you and Leonard crossed some sort of line. I apologize.
So, have you and I returned to a social equilibrium?
Great. New topic. Where are you in your menstrual cycle?
I’ve been doing some research online, and apparently female primates, you know, uh, apes, chimpanzees, you, they find their mate more desirable when he’s being courted by another female. Now, this effect is intensified when the rival female is secreting the pheromones associated with ovulation. Which brings me back to my question, where are you in (Penny slams door). Clearly, I’m 14 days too early.
Oh, hi Stephanie.
I have a craving for white asparagus that apparently is destined to go unsatisfied.
I’m helping you with Stephanie.
When I fail to open this jar and you succeed it will establish you as the alpha male. You see, when a female witnesses an exhibition of physical domination she produces the hormone oxytocin. If the two of you then engage in intercourse this will create the biochemical reaction in the brain which lay people naively interpret as falling in love.
Yes, actually it would, but let’s see how the lid goes. I’m not strong enough, Leonard, you’ll have to do it.
Go ahead, it’s pre-loosened.
No, yeah, yeah, he’s got it, and that’s not surprising. This is something I long ago came to peace with in my role as the beta male. Open it. (Leonard tries again. Then taps jar on counter. Jar breaks.)
Like a gladiator!
FYI, I was defrosting a steak in there.
What a beautiful job Stephanie did. I might have gone with a mattress suture instead of a blanket stitch, but you can’t argue with her results. It’s a shame it won’t scar, the war wound is a time-honoured badge of masculinity.
Just for the record, my efforts to establish you as the alpha male were not aided by you bursting into tears.
Watery?
She’s right, as long as you’re vomiting, coitus is contra-indicated.
You’re welcome, Dr. Hofstadter.
Well, you seem like a perfectly pleasant person. I just can’t understand why women have such a hard time loving you.
I had no choice, he cried in front of her.
Oh, it’s hardly hacking when you use the same password for everything, Kal-el.
In which I am not an expert.
If I am permitted to speak again, Dr. Sheldon Cooper for the win.
