They were clever, Leonard. They exploited my complete lack of interest in what you were doing.
Oh, even I know that’s lame.
Interesting, her jaws are clenched, no tongue access, clearly a bad sign amongst mating humans.
Please, you might as well have been two iguana with no dewlap enlargement.
Oh, hi Penny. FYI, the hot water is inadequate on machine 2 so colours only, and 4 is still releasing the fabric softener too early in the cycle so I’d avoid using that for your delicates.
Oh, good Lord. Why don’t you just take your clothes down to the river and beat them with a rock?
I would prefer that you not, but I won’t go so far as to forbid it.
Well I assume you’re not referring to digestive regularity? Because I’ve come to learn that such inquiries are inappropriate.
Oh. Well, a few years ago he did go out with a woman who had a PhD in French Literature.
Well, for one thing, she was French. For another, it was literature.
That depends.
Do you have a working knowledge of quantum physics?
Do you speak Klingon?
Do you know any card tricks?
Why would you lie about that?
You thought the opposite of stupid loser was community college graduate?
Yeah, but you were neither.
You’re asking me to keep a secret?
Well I’m sorry, but you would have had to express that desire before revealing the secret, so that I could choose whether or not I wanted to accept the covenant of secret keeping. You can’t impose a secret on an ex post facto basis.
Secret keeping is a complicated endeavour. One has to be concerned not only about what one says, but about facial expression, autonomic reflexes, when I try to deceive, I myself have more nervous tics than a lyme disease research facility. (Long pause.) It’s a joke. It relies on the hominymic relationship between tick the blood-sucking arachnid, and tic the involuntary muscular contraction. I made it up myself.
Physiologically impossible.
So you’re saying that friendship contains within it an inherent obligation to maintain confidences?
Interesting. See, one more question, and perhaps I should have led with this, when did we become friends?
I.e, I couldn’t become Green Lantern unless I was chosen by the guardians of Oa, but given enough start-up capital and an adequate research facility, I could be Batman.
Sure. (In a gravelly voice) I’m Batman. See.
Hi Penny.
Why are you asking me, I have no information about your interactions with Penny other than what you provided me, nor do I have any method of learning such things. (Runs away.)
Nothing. You seem to be implying an informational back channel between me and Penny where obviously none exists.
I just think you need to be careful how you phrase things, sir.
Well I might ask you the same question. Why do you insist on attempting to drag me into matters which have nothing to do with me? But exist between you and Penny. A person to whom I barely speak. (His eye begins to twitch.)
There’s no reason to bring my looks into this. Good day, Leonard.
I said Good Day! (He leaves)
You must release me from my oath.
Why don’t you take a minute to decide (leads her away) I can’t keep your secret Penny. I’m going to fold like an energy based anobo protein in conformational space. Like a renaissance triptych. Like a cheap suit.
I’m constitutionally incapable. That’s why I was refused clearance for a very prestigious government research fellowship at a secret military supercollider, located beneath a fake agricultural station 12.5 miles south east of Travers City, Michigan. Which you did not hear about from me.
Forget! You want me to forget? This mind does not forget. I haven’t forgotten a single thing since the day my mother stopped breast feeding me. It was a drizzly Tuesday.
Leonard, I’m moving out.
There doesn’t have to be a reason.
Not necessarily. This is a classic example of munchausen’s trilemma. Either the reason is predicated on a series of sub-reasons leading to an infinite regression, or it tracks back to arbitrary axiomatic statements, or it’s ultimately circular, i.e., I’m moving out because I’m moving out.
Leonard, I don’t see how I could have made it any simpler.
If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to pack.
It’s my pre-packed disaster evacuation bag. Recommended by the department of homeland security. And Sarah Connor.
Until I find a permanent place I will stay with friends.
Excuse me, but isn’t hosting guests an aspect of Menushya Yajna, one of the five central religious duties or sacrifices of the Hindu householder?
Don’t be ridiculous, you love trains.
This is a very old building.
Uh-oh.
Don’t you worry about the residual radium from the luminous dials?
I can’t believe I didn’t bring my gieger counter. You know, I had it on my bed and I didn’t pack it.
I’m kidding, I packed it. It was a joke, I was subverting the conversational expectations. I believe they call that the, um, old switcheroo.
Is that woman Aishwarya Rai?
Actually, I’d say she’s a poor man’s Madhuri Dixit.
Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you. Obviously you’re not that familiar with Indian cinema.
I’ve never slept on an air mattress before. No lumbar support whatsoever.
I don’t see any way to get a park bench in here.
No, that’s fine. I’m perfectly comfortable sleeping on a bouncy castle.
Now, only if you want to.
Meh. That poster of Halle Berry’s a little unnerving.
She’s like my fourth favourite catwoman.
Yeah, Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt and then her.
Oh, I forgot about Lee Meriwether.
That makes Halle Berry my fifth favourite catwoman. There’s Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt, Lee Meriwether…
I’m trying, I’m counting catwomen. She did make a fine mutant in the X-Men movies though.
But she’s not my favourite of the X-Men, in order that would be Wolverine, Cyclops, oh wait, I forgot Professor X. Professor X, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel, the Beast, oh wait, Nightcrawler. Professor X, Nightcrawler, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel….
Hey, there he is, there’s my old buddy-bud-bud.
I’m ba-ack!
I can’t tell you.
I promised Penny.
That I wouldn’t tell you the secret. Shhhhh!
Mom smokes in the car. Jesus is okay with it, but we can’t tell Dad.
I’m Batman. Shhhhh!
Okay, I’ll tell you, but you can’t tell Leonard.
Penny lied about graduating from community college because she is afraid she’s not smart enough for Leonard.
I drank milk that tasted funny.
I know, most of your work is extremely derivative. Don’t worry, that’s not a secret. Everybody knows.
