Oh look, Saturn 3 is on.
How is Deep Space Nine better than Saturn 3?
In what sense is that a compromise?
Ooh, I don’t think so. No, anecdotal evidence suggests that in the game of rock-paper-scissors, players familiar with each other will tie 75 to 80% of the time due to the limited number of outcomes. I suggest rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
It’s very simple. Look, scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes lizard. Lizard poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves Spock. Spock vaporizes rock. And as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Oh yes, like the male peacock with brilliant plumage or the rutting baboon with engorged hindquarters.
I’m sorry, but I’m not going to watch the Clone Wars TV series until I’ve seen the Clone Wars movie. I prefer to let George Lucas disappoint me in the order he intended.
Then I believe we’ve arrived at another quintessential rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock moment.
What did I do?
What happened?
Defcon 5? Well, there’s no need to rush.
Defcon 5 means no danger. Defcon 1 is a crisis.
Okay, first of all, that’s a comparison of quality, not intensity. Secondly, Star Trek I is orders-of-magnitude worse than Star Trek V.
No, no, no. Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction, while Star Trek I fails across the board, art direction, costuming, music, sound editing.
The Voyage Home is inarguably the best?
Where?
You brought a girl to the Mars Rover control room?
So what exactly do you want us to do?
Really? They don’t let strange women from honky-tonks come in and play with $200million government projects on distant planets?
Oh, how nice. Maybe they can carpool when they visit you in federal prison.
I believe the appropriate metaphor here involves a river of excrement and a Native American water vessel without any means of propulsion.
Plus I understand you have to be standing next to the vehicle with your card when they arrive.
Snap what?
Why wasn’t that Plan A?
Will you all excuse me? Leonard is subtly signalling that he’d like to talk to me in private.
Is there some problem?
All right, goodbye.
Where are you going?
Who would ask me?
So you brought me in here to inform me that you can’t tell me where you’re going and you can’t tell me who might ask?
Leonard, a moment.
If someone, and of course, we don’t know who this would be, does ask where you’ve gone, what should I say?
Are you going to the office?
Then how can I say it convincingly?
All right. Leonard went to (exaggerated) the office.
This would have worked out a lot better if you’d just told me you were going the office.
See? Why don’t I believe you?
Doesn’t anyone want to know where he’s going?
Leonard is going to (exaggerated) the office.
Okay, one of us is going to have to stop putting up Spock.
Hello.
Howard is employing a schoolyard paradigm in which you are, for all intents and purposes, deceased. He intends to act on this by not speaking to you, feigning an inability to hear you when you speak and otherwise refusing to acknowledge your existence.
I don’t make the rules, Leonard.
I believe this is an extension of the death metaphor. The cold breeze is the so-called ectoplasmic issue of a disembodied soul passing by.
Look I’m sorry, you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence. I’m out.
