Is it wrong to say I love our killer robot?
Did it when I was four. It’s an icosahedral dye floating in tinted blue water.
What did the toaster oven ever do to you?
Yeah, this is an auspicious moment. Yeah, like Robert Oppenheimer or Neil Armstrong, we need the appropriate words to mark this historic scientific event.
If it wanted to kill you, you’d be dead.
I’m sorry, are you unaware of the upcoming Southern California Robot Fighting League Round Robin Invitational?
Yeah, excuse me, Penny, but in this room, you’re the one who’s peculiar.
His name is Monte.
Leonard, I believe it is. This is trash talk, and trash talk is a traditional component in all sporting events. Kripke, your robot is inferior and it will be defeated by ours because ours exceeds yours in both design and execution. Also, I’m given to understand that your mother is overweight.
Now, of course, if that is the result of a glandular condition and not sloth and gluttony, I withdraw that comment.
There are boundaries.
What do you mean?
We accept your challenge. Name a time and place.
Make it so.
We don’t have that option, we’ve accepted the challenge. We can’t run away from a fight.
Impressive as that may be, Monte is not us. Monte has no fear.
You are overlooking the fact that we now know what we’re up against and we can modify Monte so that he’s prepared.
Have faith, gentlemen. We don’t need Wolowitz, engineering is merely the slow younger brother of physics. Watch and learn. Do either of you know how to open the toolbox?
No, Leonard. For years, merciless thugs like Kripke have made my life a series of painful noogies and humiliating wedgies and the insensitively named Indian burns. That stops now.
What you fail to realize is Kripke suffers from a fatal flaw, overconfidence from his robot’s massive size and its overwhelming power.
Trust me, Kripke will fall easy prey to my psychological warfare. Observe. Kripke! I would ask if your robot is prepared to meet its maker, but as you are its maker, clearly the two of you have met.
He’s right, Leonard. The paradigm is to the death.
Never. I’d rather see Monte dead than in your hands.
Do it.
Indeed. We are prepared for anything he can throw at us. (A flame begins to jet out of Kripke’s robot.) That’s new.
Don’t hurt us, don’t hurt us,
I did this. Monte was killed by my hubris and my pride. No matter what anybody says, this is my fault.
So what do you think, Howard? It’s not that bad, right?
You’re right. Monte’s gone. We’ll bury him in the morning. A simple ceremony. I’ll speak. Leonard, you’ll play your cello.
Just a toy robot?
