Your argument is lacking in all scientific merit. It is well established Superman cleans his uniform by flying into Earth’s yellow sun, which incinerates any contaminate matter and leaves the invulnerable Kryptonian fabric unharmed and daisy fresh.
Like what?
I think we can safely assume that all Kryptonian condiments were destroyed when the planet Krypton exploded.
Superman doesn’t sweat on Earth.
Superman would have taken his uniform to a Kandorian dry cleaner before he left the Bottle.
So what? His observation of high-energy positrons has provided the first conclusive evidence for the existence of galactic dark matter.
It is a big whoop. It made almost all the work you’ve done since you’ve been here completely useless.
There are no do-overs in Wii bowling.
Where were you that’s more important than Wii bowling night?
It’s a rhetorical question. There is nothing more important than Wii bowling night.
Nice motivational speech from the team captain.
Nice motivational speech from our lead guitarist.
No, because we don’t celebrate the ancient pagan festival of Saturnalia.
In the pre-Christian era, as the winter solstice approached and the plants died, pagans brought evergreen boughs into their homes as an act of sympathetic magic, intended to guard the life essences of the plants until spring. This custom was later appropriated by Northern Europeans and eventually it becomes the so-called Christmas tree.
Wait! You bought me a present?
Why would you do such a thing?
Oh, Penny. I know you think you’re being generous, but the foundation of gift-giving is reciprocity. You haven’t given me a gift, you’ve given me an obligation.
Of course I do. The essence of the custom is that I now have to go out and purchase for you a gift of commensurate value and representing the same perceived level of friendship as that represented by the gift you’ve given me. It’s no wonder suicide rates skyrocket this time of year.
No, it’s too late. I see it. That elf sticker says to Sheldon. The die has been cast, the moving finger has writ, Hannibal has crossed the Alps.
No. No, I brought this on myself by being such an endearing and important part of your life. I’m going to need a ride to the mall.
Yes? (Leonard falls through) Did you forget your key?
I don’t see anything in here a woman would want.
I told you before, bears are terrifying.
That presupposes Penny is tense.
No, we’re not. Let’s say for a moment that I accept the bath item gift hypothesis, I now lay the following conundrum at your feet, which size?
You put no thought into that.
I have insufficient data to proceed. Excuse me, miss?
If I were to give you this gift basket, based on that action alone and no other data, infer and describe the hypothetical relationship that exists between us.
Here. Now, are we friends? Colleagues? Lovers? Are you my grandmother?
Mmm, great news, Leonard, I’ve solved my Penny gift dilemma.
You see, the danger was that I might under or over-reciprocate, but I have devised a foolproof plan. See, I will open her gift to me first and then excuse myself, feigning digestive distress.
It is, isn’t it? Is it okay if I hide them in your room? The smell makes me nauseated.
Thank you, that’s very gracious.     Gentlemen.
Ah, good, Penny, you’re here to exchange gifts. You’ll be pleased to know I’m prepared for whatever you have to offer.
I should note I’m having some digestive distress, so, if I excuse myself abruptly, don’t be alarmed. Oh, a napkin.
To Sheldon, live long and prosper. Leonard Nimoy.
I possess the DNA of Leonard Nimoy?!
Do you realize what this means? All I need is a healthy ovum and I can grow my own Leonard Nimoy!
Be right back.
I know! It’s not enough, is it? Here.
