The Pharmacology Department controls that, and they’re all hopped up on experimental steroids.
I think the time has come to acknowledge that we are paying the price for some of us failing to attend my Physics Department paintball strategy meeting.
And I told you I wanted to see a doctor’s note.
All right, what we need now is a tactical retreat. Did you see the episode of Stargate where they found themselves on a planet with a culture based loosely on Earth’s Athens and Sparta? Not important. Leonard, Raj and I are going to burst out the door and run away, Howard will cover us.
Because you chose your mother’s veins over victory. On three. One, two, three, go!
Unacceptable. It baffles me why they don’t simply let some of you go so that there’s money available for my research.
Based on your academic record, any number of things, I would imagine.
I believe the back-scratching metaphor generally describes a quid pro quo situation where one party provides goods or services to the second party in compensation for a similar action.
The mrow, that sounded to me like an African civet cat.
No. Despite what the name suggests, the civet cat is not a true cat. Now I’m done.
Is that why you didn’t cover our escape and let us get cut down like animals?
My good man, dereliction of duty in the face of the enemy is a court-martial offense.
Hello, Penny.
You’re in my spot.
No, I’m going to the comic book store.
What difference does it make?
That is my spot. In an ever-changing world, it is a single point of consistency. If my life were expressed as a function on a four-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system, that spot at the moment I first sat on it would be zero-zero-zero-zero.
I’m not unhappy.
Fine. The new issue of Flash is out.
Koothrappali picked me up.
They don’t talk incessantly for no particular reason.
Hello, fastest man alive. Want to see me read your entire comic book? Want to see it again? Something’s wrong.
I’m not sure. It doesn’t feel right.
Why don’t I just eat in my desk chair?
That is my desk chair, that is where I work. I don’t eat in my desk chair and I don’t work in my spot. I work in my desk chair and eat in my spot.
Excuse me, but the problem is not solved. If your head had been accidentally amputated, and we transplanted a dog’s head in its place, would that be “problem solved”?
You claim it’s going to be a week, but I have no faith in your dry cleaner.
Did you notice the sign on his counter? He’s not a full-time dry cleaner. He also makes keys.
Focus is important. Was Michael DeBakey a wedding planner in between heart transplants? Did Alexander Fleming moonlight as a hairdresser? “Thanks for discovering penicillin, now how about we try a bouffant?”
This is my spot. Where else am I supposed to crouch?
From that key maker, I highly doubt it.
All right.
There’s one more zero. You forgot the time parameter.
Nope.
More?
Yes. From Szechuan Palace.
What? Wh-Where did my cashew chicken come from?
No. No, this isn’t right. Our food always comes in Szechuan Palace containers.
But. Oh, this changes everything.
What’s real? What isn’t? How can I know?
Leonard?
I still don’t like this cushion.
Right, just one thing before we start.
That was for my cushion.
I’m sorry, Leonard. But revenge is a dish best served cold.
She can’t shoot me. She’s dead.
Well, if we’re going to descend into anarchy (Shoots Leonard)
