Smell that? That’s the smell of new comic books. Oh, yes!
I believe it is. The combination of the Star Trek reference and the play on words involving the double-meaning of the verb to go suggests that Leonard is humorously mocking your efforts in space plumbing.
Oh, clever! Playing on the use of cardinal numbers as euphemisms for bodily functions.
Excuse me, spoiler alert.
You told me it’s mind-blowing, so, my mind is going into it pre-blown. And once a mind is pre-blown, it cannot be re-blown.
Said the Grinch to Christmas.
Excuse me, Stuart. Have you read the new Flash?
Well, I have and it will knock your socks off! Good luck getting them back on.
You’re not going to answer it?
You’re making an assumption. Perhaps the comic book store is on fire, and he needs your assistance.
We don’t know. And if you don’t answer the phone, we can’t know.
Answer the phone, Leonard.
Aren’t you going to check your messages?
You have to check your messages, the leaving of a message is one half of a social contract which is completed by the checking of the message. If that contract breaks down then all social contracts break down and we descend into anarchy.
At times.
Do you mean code red the hospital emergency alert, code red the computer worm, or code red the cherry flavoured soft drink from the makers of Mountain Dew?
But the mission is for six months.
Have you notified NASA?
I agree. It’s the juxtaposition of the high-tech nature of space exploration against the banality of a malfunctioning toilet that provides the comic fodder here. Check your messages.
Yeah, I have to say, I thought the toilet humour would get less funny with repetition. Apparently, there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poop. (There is a knock on the door)
For what it’s worth, my mother says that when we deceive for personal gain, we make Jesus cry.
All right, what if we use this two-inch PVC to reinforce the centre cross-support?
You don’t really believe in that superstition, do you?
It won’t work. The diameter of the tubing is insufficient.
It won’t work. No way to mount it.
That could work.
You’re overestimating the tensile strength of the substructure you’re building.
If you knew what you were doing, there wouldn’t be a space toilet where my coffee table should be.
Oh, an excellent idea! I could certainly use a break.
Why does Leonard get to go?
I must say, Howard, I think a detailed letter to MIT describing your current circumstances might entitle you to a refund on your master’s degree.
Fascinating.
I don’t see why I have to worry. My career’s not hanging in the balance. That was a joke. It’s funny, because it’s true.
