Time. Alright Klingons, pencils down.
Bilurrrbe.
What’s wrong with your TV?
Excuse me, Penny, but we’re…
…playing Klingon Boggle.
All right, if you must watch, then mute it with closed captions, please.
All right, Boggle warriors, kapla’!
Oh! Worf, nice! Too bad that’s a proper noun.
Is qochbe’ spelled with a (gargling) or a (guttural grunt)?
All right, pencils down! I have lokh, makh, and cherrrkh. Anybody got those?
Is my hamburger medium well?
Dill slices, not sweet?
Individual relish packets?
Onion rings?
Extra breading?
What did they say?
Did you protest?
Vociferously?
Well, then what took you so long?
Oh, do we have to suffer through this transparently manipulative pseudo-reality again?
You and I have a standing TV schedule which is the result of extensive debate and compromise. Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre-approved at the weekly roommate meeting.
But you have to make a motion to put it on agenda.
Fine. Mock Parliamentary procedure. At least put it on mute.
Who touched my…
Why would you do that?
The big deal is that nobody touches food on my plate.
Well, I’m sorry, but that is your second strike.
You have two strikes. Three strikes and you’re out. It’s a sports metaphor.
Yes, baseball.
March 18th. You violated my rule about forwarding email humour.
The photo of the cat who wants to “has cheezburger”?
I trusted you with my email address, and you betrayed that trust by sending me Internet banality, strike one. Touching my food, strike two.
And then you put it back, compromising the integrity of all the other onion rings.
Look, Penny, I wish I could be more lenient with you, but since you’ve become a permanent member of our social group I have to hold you to the same standards as everybody else.
You’re sitting in my spot.
Leonard, she’s in my spot.
All right, that’s it. Strike three.
No one said anything of the kind to Neil Armstrong, the entire nation dedicated a decade of effort and treasure to put a man on the moon.
Wait. Excuse me. You forgot my barbecue bacon cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, bacon and cheese on the side.
Why?
You can’t do that. Not only is it a violation of California state law, it flies directly in the face of Cheesecake Factory policy.
Thank you.
Greetings, hamburger toucher. You are probably wondering why you cannot IM with your little friends about how much you heart various things. Well, this recorded message is alerting you that I am putting an end to your parasitic piggybacking upon our WiFi. If you want to remedy the situation you can contact the phone company, set up your own WiFi and pay for it, or you may apologize to me.
Hello, puny insects. As a consequence of your efforts to circumvent my will, everyone is awarded one additional strike.
Oh! Hello.
It’s Saturday night. Saturday is laundry night.
What are you implying?
No problem, I’ll just do my laundry another night.
Woman, you are playing with forces beyond your ken.
Yes?
Your clothes?
Really? Despite the sign that says “Do not leave laundry unattended”?
You know, I do recall seeing some female undergarments. Where was that? Oh, yes, earlier this evening I happened to gaze out the window and a brassiere caught my eye. Do those look familiar?
When you understand the laws of physics, Penny, anything is possible. And may I add, mwah-ha-ha!
Apologize.
Well, then may I suggest you get a very long stick and play panty pinata.
I’ve done no stupid things.
I am meeting you halfway, I’m willing to concede that you’ve done some stupid things.
I had no choice, Leonard, she ruined laundry night.
Mwah-ha-ha.
Who is it?
Oh, good. Hi, Mom. How are you? But, Mom, she keeps sitting in my spot. And, and she touched my food. Okay, yes, I took her clothes, but she started it. No, that’s not fair. Why should I have to apologize? Yeah, I really don’t think this is the kind of thing Jesus concerns himself with. No, you’re right, I don’t really know what Jesus thinks about. All right, good-bye. Did you tell on me?
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny… (door opens) I am very, very sorry for what I have done. Here’s your laundry, I rescind your strikes and you are no longer banished.
Thank you.
Penny.
Well played.
with great power comes great responsibility.
