Good morning, Leonard.
Yeah, we’re going to have to stop by Pottery Barn on the way to work, I bought these Star Wars sheets but they turned out to be much too stimulating to be compatible with a good night’s sleep. I don’t like the way Darth Vader stares at me.
Oh, just because your career’s been stagnant for a few years, that’s no reason to give up.
Did the laser accidentally burn out your retinas?
Then you can drive. Let’s go.
You did.
I didn’t. Let’s go.
But how am I going to get to work?
I can’t take the bus any more. They don’t have seatbelts. And they won’t let you lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords.
I didn’t try, I succeeded. For some reason it alarmed the other passengers and I was asked to de-bus.
Don’t talk to me like I’m a child. Now, take me to return my star wars sheets!
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny…
Leonard’s asleep.
No, wait. You have to drive me to work.
But I don’t drive, and I can’t take the bus.
Penny. Didn’t you recently state that you and I are friends?
Then I hereby invoke what I’m given to understand is an integral part of the implied covenant of friendship. The favour.
I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was interrupting your morning prayers. When you’re done, we’ll go.
Thank you for driving me to work.
Oh, good. I’m not keeping you from anything. Your check engine light is on.
Typically that’s an indicator. To, you know, check your engine.
Well, actually, that would be all the more reason to, you know, check your engine.
If it were fine, the light wouldn’t be on. That’s why the manufacturer installed that light, to let you know it’s not fine.
Is there a “check the check engine light light”? (Penny takes a drink of coffee) O-o-o-oh!
Studies have shown that performing tasks such as eating, talking on a cell phone or drinking coffee while driving reduces one’s reaction time by the same factor as an ounce of alcohol.
Of course not.
You’re going up Euclid Avenue?
Leonard takes Los Robles Avenue.
Euclid Avenue is shorter as the crow flies, but it has speed bumps, which appreciably increase point-to-point drive time, making it the less efficient choice. But you have the conn. Of course, if you’re not going to slow down for the speed bumps, I withdraw my previous objection. Here’s a fun question. Do you know what the most common street name is?
The answer’s tricky. It’s Second Street. You see, you’d think it would be First Street, but in most towns, First Street eventually gets renamed to something else, you know, like Main Street, Broad Street, Michigan Avenue. Leonard and I often use our commute time to exercise our minds  with brain-teasers like that. We also play games. Would you like to play one?
Oh, come on, it’s fun. Ooh! Another bump. Okay. I’ll say an element, and uh, you say an element whose name starts with the last letter of the one I said, okay? I’ll start. Helium. Now, you could say Mercury. That would give me a Y. Ooh.  Very clever, that’s a tough one. So I go Ytterbium, which gets you back to M. So you go Molybdenum, and I say Magnesium, you say Manganese, and  I say Europium, and, and you’re left with Mendelevium, and  there are no more M’s because I believe that Meitnerium should still be called Ekairidium, so congratulations, you win. Do you wanna go again?
All right. Hmm, huh, I’m sorry, I’m finding your reckless nonchalance regarding the check-engine light to be very troubling.
Well, I have to tell you that while I do have a theoretical understanding of the workings of an internal combustion engine, I’m not sure I’m capable of performing diagnostics.
Okay. I’ll give it a shot. (Gets out. Penny drives away.)
Oh, Leonard, there you are, I’m ready to go home.
Good, perfect timing.
No, you said you couldn’t drive me to work, this is from work.
Now, how do you propose I get home?
Penny. But I sense that’s no longer an option.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Oh God, not Euclid Avenue! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
We had a difference of opinion.
Whether or not he was trying to kill me. For the record, I maintain he was. Where are you going?
Oh, but I’m not going home. It’s Wednesday, Wednesday is new comic book day, we have to go to the comic book store. And then we have to stop at Soup Plantation, it’s creamy tomato soup day, and Radio Shack, there’s a sale on triple-a batteries. Plus, we have to go to Pottery Barn and return my Star Wars sheets.
You want to go to pottery barn first?
Can you drive me to Pottery Barn? (She closes the door) Maybe if I turn off the night-light, I can keep the sheets.
Good morning.
She’s in my spot. Don’t look at me like that, everybody knows that my spot.
Department of motor vehicles new driver handbook? But I don’t have a problem.
Why Penny?
Hold on, I have one condition.
We have to stop at Pottery Barn.
And Radio Shack.
And the comic book store.
I just don’t see why I need a driver’s license, Albert Einstein never had a driver’s license.
I was otherwise engaged.
Examining perturbative amplitudes in n=4 supersymmetric theories leading to a re-examination of the ultraviolet properties of multi-loop n=8 supergravity using modern twistor theory.
I’m actually more of a theorist.
Oh.
Excuse me, but I have some concerns about these questions.
Yes?
No.
Just, look, see, this first question makes no sense, how many car lengths should you leave in front of you when driving? There’s no possible way to answer that, a car length is not a standardized unit of measure.
I don’t need your help, Penny.
No, no, wait, no, hang on, look at this next question.
How else are they going to learn? Look, question 2, when are roadways most slippery? Now, okay, there are three answers, none of which are correct. The correct answer is, when covered by a film of liquid sufficient to reduce the coefficient of static friction between the tire and the road to essentially zero, but not so deep as to introduce a new source of friction.
But I’m not done. I have many additional concerns about these questions.
Aced it.
Is that why I appear to be in downtown Fallujah, behind the wheel of an up-armored Humvee?
Ooh!
Hmmmm?
Statistically, red cars are stopped by police far more often than any other colour. I don’t want any hassles with the fuzz.
You know the pale blue of Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber, before it was digitally remastered?
I haven’t fastened my seat belt yet.
Click. Now, are there air bags?
What if a simulated van rear-ends me?
Thank you.
Sorry… excuse me… my bad… student driver…
I don’t know. I was on the Pasadena freeway, I missed my exit, flew off the overpass, and one thing led to another.
No. I quit. (Stands up. There is more sound of crashing and panic, then animal noises.)
Remind me to compliment Wolowitz on the software, it’s amazingly detailed.
No, I’m not giving up, I never give up.
I’m transcending the situation. I’m clearly too evolved for driving.
Leonard, have you ever wondered why my little toes and lateral incisors are significantly smaller than the average for someone of my size?
Well, those are indicators that I’m farther along the evolutionary scale than the average human.
Well, no, no, I’m not going to go so far as to say that I represent a distinct new stage in humankind, you know, a Homo Novus, if you will, no, that’s for anthropologists to decide. But I am convinced that the reason I cannot master the plebeian task of driving is because I’m not meant to.
No, no. Leonard, I’m meant for greater things, like unraveling the mysteries of the universe, not determining when it’s safe to pass a stopped school bus on a country road.
Yeah, well, I know that now.
Homo Novus doesn’t know.
Good morning, gentlemen.
You saw nothing! (Sweeps hood around himself and vanishes through cafeteria door.)
