The problem appears to be unsolvable.
Right, these theatres have to be eliminated.
Yes, but they have no Icee machines. Despite my aggressive letter-writing campaign, I might add.
They have Twizzlers instead of Red Vines. No amount of lumbar support can compensate for that.
Unacceptable, the delay would result in tomorrow morning’s bowel movement occurring at work.
Excuse me, in what universe are Slurpies Icees?
Oh, Leonard, you know I can’t do that.
They’re right, it was the only option.
Why?
Well, you didn’t specify.
He went to the movies without me. It was the only option. I’m sorry, I don’t understand which social situation this is. Could you give me some guidance as to how to proceed?
Oh, I see. Penny, I’m not sure I’m comfortable harbouring a fugitive from the 2311 North Los Robles Corporation.
If you recall, I pointed out the “check engine” light to you several months ago.
You know, it occurs to me you could solve all your problems by obtaining more money.
Hang on a moment. (He opens a jar. Snakes jump out. He then pulls out a large wedge of money) Here. Take some. Pay me back when you can.
That’s why it’s guarded by snakes. Take some.
I’m never silly. Here.
Don’t you need money?
This is money I’m not using.
My expenses account for 46.9% of my after-tax income. The rest is divvied up between a small savings account, this deceptive container of peanut brittle and the hollowed-out buttocks of a superhero action figure who shall remain nameless for his own protection. Or her own protection. Take some.
I see no large upcoming expenditures unless they develop an affordable technology to fuse my skeleton with adamantium like Wolverine.
I sincerely hope so.
Won’t it also be weird if I have to say hello to you every morning on my way to work and you’re living in a refrigerator box and washing your hair with rain water?
Of course you will. It’s impossible to pay me back sooner than you can. Assuming you subscribe to a linear understanding of time and causality.
You know, I’ve given the matter some thought, and I think I’d be willing to be a house pet to a race of super-intelligent aliens.
Ask me why.
Of course. That’s how you move a conversation forward.
The learning opportunities would be abundant. Additionally, I like having my belly scratched.
Was that sarcasm?
Was that sarcasm?
Was that sarca..
Penny, you appear to have a package here.
Did you know the beret is an example of piece of women’s fashion adapted from male military uniforms? Another fascinating example is the epaulet.
All right.
Oh, good, that was an unusual interaction. I wasn’t sure.
No.
I’m at a loss. If you like, you can review my daily log of social interactions and see if there’s a blunder I overlooked.
Oh, good. Dinner’s here.
Okay.
Forgive me, Penny, but that would be the very definition of a frivolous lawsuit.
In case either of you have larceny in your heart, you should know that I’ve moved my money out of the snake can.
Outside? I just made cocoa.
Leonard, do you not recall the last time we visited this gentleman, we returned home without pants?
Are you sure? Because your proposal suggests that you don’t.
All right. Leonard fairly calls the question, who is in favour of abandoning our game and confronting Penny’s steroid-infused ex-boyfriend in a suicidal mission to extract money from him? Say hi to Kurt for us.
They did.
They had a terrible time of it, Leonard.
Which means his triumph will be even larger. Minstrels will write songs about him.
You don’t remember me? How could he not remember me?
I remember him.
I’ve got it. He didn’t remember me because the last time we met I was in a Halloween costume.
Congratulations. You may not have succeeded in getting cash, but you did secure a formal acknowledgment of the debt. (Leonard has “I owe Penny $1800, Kurt” written on his forehead.)
Hello, Penny.
Sarcasm?
Darn. I can’t seem to get the hang of that.
Well done, Leonard. The true hero doesn’t seek adulation, he fights for right and justice simply because it’s his nature.
That’s your badge of honour, your warrior’s wound, if you will. I was wrong, minstrels will write songs about you.
There once was a brave lad named Leonard, with a fi-fi-fiddle-dee-dee. He faced a fearsome giant, while Raj just wanted to pee.
