Penny, please, we’re facing a far more serious problem than stray arachnids.
Not bad? It’s horrible. I mean, you hear stories about this sort of thing, but you never think it’ll happen to you.
What?
The horror!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no…
The horror!
No, it’s not going to be fine, change is never fine. They say it is, but it’s not.
I never met them. That’s what made them perfect, there were no awkward hellos in the halls, there was no clickety-clacking of high heel shoes on hardwood floors, they may as well have been a family of cats just jumping around from drape to drape without that annoying ammonia urine smell.
You can’t know that. How can you possibly know that?
Hold on. You honestly expect me to believe that social protocol dictates we break our backs helping Wolowitz move, and then he only need buy us a pizza?
You’re tricking me. You tell me the truth, what do we get?
I knew it! PS3, definitely  PS3, who would pick a mountain bike?
I guess I won’t be needing this.
Oh, no, the new ones, they’re here.
I’m checking for musical instruments. Does that sound like castanets to you?
So? Do cocaine smugglers write cocaine on the box?
Hello.
Hello.
If that concludes your faltering attempt to mate, hello.
Hello. On a scale of one to ten how light of foot would you describe yourself with one being not cat-like at all and ten being freakishly feline?
Is that your answer or do you not understand the question? We’ll come back to that one.
Hang on. Are you now or have you ever been a salsa, Irish folk or break-dancer?
Oh, I’m sorry. Well, if it helps you feel any better you’re doing very well so far. Next question, are you fertile?
I’m trying to determine whether crying infants above my head are a possibility.
If that changes, let me know. And finally, area rugs, pro or con?
Alicia?
Welcome to the building.
Alicia’s non-musical, childless and pro-rug. She’s still on probation, of course, but I like her.
You don’t jog.
True, but the more likely explanation for your attire is that you’re out of clean clothes again.
You’re welcome, Penny.
Oh, mimicry. I enjoy mimicry. I’ve been working on Admiral Ackbar from Return of the Jedi. “It’s a trap.” You have to imagine me with a giant squid head. “It’s a trap. It’s a trap. It’s a trap.”
Come.
Congratulations, I see you did your laundry.
How does one sort of…
He’s upstairs at Alicia’s.
In what I can only perceive as a tactical move to destroy me, he is with Wolowitz and Koothrappali setting up her stereo.
It’s axiomatically atypical. Up until recently, they did not know Alicia, and had no encounters with her in a previous location. They never went upstairs to visit the former tenants, so your characterization of their behaviour as typical Is demonstrably fallacious.
Oh, great! now, I have to start all over again. (Rubs out imaginary workings)
Who is it? Oh hello, Penny, it’s open, come in. Sarcasm.
You think I can’t hear them? Listen to that. Stomp, stomp, stomp. That’s Wolowitz in his stacked heels that fool no one.
You know, Penny, there’s something that occurs in beehives you might find interesting. Occasionally, a new queen will arrive while the old queen is still in power. When this happens, the old queen must either locate to a new hive or engage in a battle to the death until only one queen remains.
I’m just talking about bees. They’re on the discovery channel. What are you talking about?
Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced, not shredded?
Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
Brown rice, not white?
You stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard?
Did you pick up the low-sodium soy sauce from the market?
Good. See how it’s done, Leonard?
They’re gone, Penny. They can’t hear you.
You once had Leonard and me get your television from your ex-boyfriend.
May I interject something here?
You got the wrong mustard.
Only the modern green lantern is vulnerable to yellow.
You set it on DTS, didn’t you?
Oh, great now she’s jumping up and down on the bed.
