Worst Renaissance Fair ever.
It was rife with historical inaccuracies. For example, the tavern girl serving flagons of mead, now her costume was obviously Germanic, but in 1487 the Bavarian purity laws or Rhineheitsgebot severely limited the availability of mead. At best they would have had some sort of spiced wine.
Oh-ho! Really? Well here’s another nit for you. The flagons would not have been made of polypropylene.
Bosoms would not have said howdy in the fifteenth century. If anything they would have said “huzzah!”
Renaissance fair? More of a medieval slash age of enlightenment slash any excuse to wear a codpiece fair.
That was not fifteenth century soap, my God those people need to learn you can’t just put “ye olde” in front of anything and expect to get away with it.
You’re wearing modern underwear?
I fashioned historically accurate undergarments out of linen.
Don’t be silly, I borrowed one of your pillow cases.
Notify the editors of the Oxford English Dictionary, the word plenty has been redefined to mean two.
Oh no.
Her research methodology is sloppy, she’s unjustifiably arrogant about loop quantum gravity, and to make matters worse she’s often mean to me.
You’d hit particulate soil on a colloidal suspension. Mud.
You know how I know we’re not in The Matrix?
If we were, the food would be better.
Hello to you, insufficiently intelligent person.
Well, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go do work that promises significant results, as opposed to what you do, which does not. Yeah, you heard me.
Great news. My mom sent me my old Nintendo 64.
You know what this means, don’t you? Break out the Red Bull, it’s time to rock Mario old school.
But it’s Friday. Friday’s always vintage game night. Look, mom included the memory card, we can pick up where I left off in 1999 when I had pernicious anaemia.
Well then, no problem, I have three controllers, the more the merrier.
Oh, well you can’t blame me for not jumping to that conclusion.
Well, statistically speaking…
Leonard, I am a published theoretical physicist with two doctorates and an IQ which can’t be accurately measured by normal tests, how much scarcer could I be?
You want me to leave the apartment?
You mean just go someplace else and be… someplace else?
Well, why should I leave, this is my apartment too.
Well alright then.
Playing Super Mario on a poorly coded Nintendo 64 emulator.
I’m a modern day Napoleon exiled to the Elba of the staircase because Leonard, get this, has a date.
Alone?
What if I choke on my popcorn, who will administer the Heimlich manoeuvre.
No popcorn at the mo… listen to yourself.
I don’t drink coffee.
What do they have?
Pastries such as bearclaws?
I don’t like bearclaws.
Leslie Winkle. Of all the overrated physicists in all the labs in all the world, why does it have to be Leslie Winkle?
Oh please. The only way she could make a contribution to science would be if they resume sending chimps into space.
Everybody has a date. Even you, Mario, going after Princess Peach. And what am I doing, I’m just enabling you.
I’m sorry to interrupt, batteries dying continue.
Don’t forget the male pattern baldness. When his uncles sit around the dinner table they look like a half carton of eggs. (Exits. Extension cord trails after him. Eventually goes tight a couple of times then falls loose.)
I have to make pee-pee.
I’m sorry, I am not going back to the Renaissance Fair.
I don’t care. There are far too many historical anomalies for my comfort.
You mean like Spock?
Fascinating.
If you’re having trouble deciding where to sit may I suggest one potato two potato, or as I call it the Leslie Winkle experimental methodology.
It’s not hard. It’s simple. You can either sit with me, your friend, colleague and roommate, or you can sit with an overrated scientist you might have sex with.
Penny.
Alright, let’s say I go to dinner alone. And during the meal I have to use the rest room. How do I know someone’s not touching my food?
Penny, hold on. Are you sure things can’t work out with you and Leonard?
I’m just wondering if you really gave it the old college try? Or in your case the old community college try?
Leonard is upstairs right now with my arch enemy.
Yes, the Doctor Doom to my Mr Fantastic. The Doctor Octopus to my Spiderman. The Doctor Sivana to my Captain Marvel.
Do you know, it’s amazing how many supervillains have advanced degrees. Graduate school should probably do a better job of screening those people out.
Leslie Winkle, Penny. She belittles my research.
She called me dumbass.
Given this situation, I have no choice but to withdraw my previous objections to your ill considered relationship with Leonard.
No, that response is unacceptable to me.
Smart? I’d have to lose 60 IQ points to be classified as smart.
I’m sorry.
You continue to underestimate my abilities madam.
Wait a minute, why am I doing all the giving here? If Leonard’s really my friend, why doesn’t he have to support me in my hatred of Leslie Winkle?
Oh now you’re just making stuff up.
Oh Mario. If only I could control everyone the way I control you. Hop, you little plumber, hop, hop, hop.
When the two of you reach a natural stopping point I’d like to have a word.
Leonard, you are my friend. And friends support their friends, apparently. So I am withdrawing my objection to your desire to have a relationship with Leslie.
I will graciously overlook the fact that she is an arrogant sub-par scientist, who actually believes loop quantum gravity better unites quantum mechanics with general relativity than does string theory. You kids have fun.
I’m listening, amuse me.
Balderdash. Matter clearly consists of tiny strings.
I hope so, it was a snort of derision.
Look on the bright side.
Only nine more months to comic-con.
Captain, I’m getting an unusual reading.
That’s a temporal anomaly. Corn dogs didn’t come into existence until the first half of the twentieth century.
