Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. My apologies that this episode is coming late. I did shoot one last week, in honour of Black History Month, but I was informed by my roommate that my spot-on portrayal of George Washington Carver could be considered wildly racist. My heart goes out to the members of the African-American community, who, like me, have been kept down by The Man. Now, Fun with Flags is not just for the flag aficionado, it’s also for the flag novice, so, to help me with that, please welcome my friend, neighbour, and flag virgin, yeah, not a real virgin. She’s had coitus many times. Sometimes within earshot of this flag enthusiast. Once while he was trying to watch The Incredibles. Penny.
So, Penny, I understand you would like to learn more about flags.
Yeah. Well, you came to the right place.
What’s wrong?
Interesting. A few people in the comments section have said that my delivery is robotic. Perhaps that isn’t the compliment it sounds like.
Right. And which one do I want?
If our friend, the flag, has taught me anything, it’s to go where the wind takes you. As long as you remain firmly attached to a rigid pole. And, action. So, Penny, what sort of flag questions keep you awake at night?
Gosh, Penny, what’d you have for breakfast? A big glass of good question juice? The Nebraska state flag is simply the state seal on a field of blue. Spread your legs, invite them in.
Hello. How’s the final stage of your nicotine addiction study going?
Good news. Uh, the latest episode of Fun with Flags is online.
Much better than I expected. She even gave me some helpful tips about acting and body language. Watch. Welcome to my world. Not welcome to my world. Welcome. Not welcome.
I know. I’m still learning to control it.
Why would I do that?
All right.
Um…
No. I didn’t start yet, it’s fine.
Well, I was thinking about you helping me out last night (knock, knock, knock) Penny. And I just wanted to tell you (knock, knock, knock) Penny, that the answer to the question, who did a great job? is you, (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Yes, you were very natural in front of the camera, and I found your suggestions extremely helpful.
Okay.
Oh, that sounds terrible. Why would I want to do that?
Well, so much for your advice on complimenting Penny.
She tried to rope us into going to her acting class to see a play. Don’t worry. Luckily, I had the good sense to drown that kitten in the river.
Oh, so many crazy rules.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. Oh yeah, much better.
Amy pointed out to me that since you did something nice for me, I’m obligated to do something nice for you. So, yes, I’ll go to your dopey play.
Why not?
Oh, Dear Lord, more rules? Where does it stop? Can I want to go because I have to want to go?
Yeah, but now, wait. Do whatever I want? Or whatever I have to want?
All right. I don’t want to, but at least that makes sense.
You know, I haven’t seen Raj in several days. Is he no longer a part of our social group? And if so, should we be interviewing for a replacement? Perhaps, this time, we go Latin.
Oh, brilliant. I’ve been itching to pull that trigger.
Would it help if I gave him some pointers? I’m just funnin’ ya.
All right, let’s get this stupid play over with.
Why?
Aw, for Pete’s sake. Can we go now?
It’s about streetcars? Oh, great. I won’t need this. (Pulls out an etch-a-sketch.)
She is. But when do they get to the part about streetcars?
She’s remarkable.
How can she remember all those lines, but as a waitress, she can’t remember no tomato on my hamburger?
