Oh, thank you, Penny.
Yeah, wait, here. For your troubles.
Yeah, it’s journals and research papers I wrote as a child.
No, that’s my potty training journal.
Yeah. And forgive my crude penmanship. I didn’t start typing until I was six.
There are some charts in the back where I kept track of shape, colour and consistency.
I am glad you asked. Are you familiar with the Higgs boson?
Nice try. Now, in 1964, Dr. Peter Higgs, accomplished self-promoter and physicist, he wrote a paper postulating the existence of a subatomic particle called the Higgs boson. Now, initially the paper was rejected, but recently, he was proven right, and now he’s on the fast track to win a Nobel prize.
Yeah, the point is Higgs is being celebrated for work he did 50 years ago, so that got me thinking, perhaps I’ve already hit upon the idea that will win me my Nobel prize.
Well, this box only covers my work through nursery school. There’s a good deal more to come. I didn’t really hit my academic stride until I cut out that time-suck known as playing outdoors.
That’s a good point. My time is much too valuable. You know, perhaps I should find someone to do it for me. You know, someone with a rudimentary understanding of science, but whose real talents lie in menial labour.
Well, if I didn’t think you could handle it, I wouldn’t be asking.
You, really? You can assess the quality of my work? Okay, um, here. I wrote this when I was five years old.
You said it, not me.
All right, Ms. Jenson. Uh, before we begin, may I offer you a refreshment? Water, coffee, tea, a marijuana cigarette?
Now, are you sure? Everyone’s smoking them. I think they’re the best.
Excellent, yeah. That was a ruse. They’re not the best. Physics is the best. And by the way, coffee was also an unacceptable choice. All right, so I see here you’re from Des Moines, Iowa. Uh, you’re summa cum laude in theoretical physics from Stanford University. Oh, and two years ago, you had a persistent ear infection. I hope that didn’t cause any hearing loss.
I did a comprehensive background check. Medical records, credit reports, criminal history. (Hiding mouth behind book) I trust you paid off those parking tickets.
Hearing unimpaired, good.
Flattery will not get you this job, Ms. Jenson.
Oh, well, thank you. Welcome aboard.
No. I have people for that now. You’re up.
Yeah, please reserve chitchat for your breaks, Ms. Jenson. FYI, there will be no breaks.
Oh, in fact, she has. Uh, her exact words were, what is that guy’s problem?
Half chocolate, half vanilla, side by side, not swirled?
Half a teaspoon of sprinkles?
Two cherries?
Stems removed?
It’s all right, Alex. I’m not mad at you, I’m just disappointed.
Uh, Alex, a moment. I need a word with Dr. Hofstadter. Do you think it’s appropriate for her to sit with us, given her station?
If I’ve learned anything from British television shows on PBS, it’s that servants dine downstairs with their own kind.
It’s a kindness, Leonard. Otherwise, you’re cruelly tempting them with a glimpse of a world that’s just beyond their soot-stained fingertips.
Cherry stem! Cherry stem!
Oh, good, Leonard, you’re here. Science news. This will interest you. And, Penny, feel free to paint your nails.
I believe Alex may have unearthed the grade school science project that could be my ticket to the Nobel Prize. Behold.
The original title was “A Rederivation of Maxwell’s Equations Regarding Electromagnetism”” I dumbed it down because some of the more religious people in town were starting to say I was a witch.
Notice people on your own time. We’re working.
