Yeah, you had a good run, Fake Wolowitz. We’ll remember you with nostalgic fondness, the way we do the dial-up modem, the VHS tape, or, or Leonard’s gym membership.
Okay, one vote for, one vote against. Leonard, you’re the tiebreaker.
Well, I don’t sell my friendship that cheaply.
Welcome aboard, old chum.
He left a boy, he returns a boy-sized hero.
You know, I am very disappointed that I won’t be able to celebrate Howard’s accomplishment tonight.
Yes, it’s just that in all the years I’ve known him, he’s never had the opportunity to receive my admiration. I was excited to see the look on his face when it finally happened.
I know.
Oh, that hardly seems fair. But I guess any team that I’m not on has a decided disadvantage.
Yeah, once again, I know.
Got it.
Oh, Leonard. Now, how can you not get that?
It’s not a present, it’s the present. Look. There’s you and me. There’s Penny and Amy. We’re playing Pictionary. In the present.
It’s a quark-gluon plasma.
It’s asymptotically free partons inside a quark-gluon plasma.
It’s an observational rebuttal of the Lambda-CDM model of the universe.
Hey, if you want someone to guess chocolate chip cookie, you draw a glass of milk next to it.
Yeah, only after I eliminated all the obvious answers. You’re welcome.
There.
Come on, Leonard, I am spoon-feeding this to you.
Wait, no, no. No. The word is Polish. See, look. Polish sausage. And the, the model of the solar system developed by Nicolaus Copernicus, a Polish astronomer. And then, finally, if that wasn’t enough, which it should have been, this is Madame Curie killing herself by discovering radium, who, although she was a naturalized French citizen, was Polish by birth.
Ah. So it is. I guess we both share blame on this one.
Don’t know.
I am not a loser. Pictionary is not a true test of any real intelligence or skill.
Lot of big talk from a man who can’t draw a chocolate chip cookie.
All right. Let’s play Physics Fiesta.
It’s a game that I just invented, in which the participants answer physics questions in remedial Spanish. Um, ¿Dónde está el boson de Higgs?
Bueno, mi amigo.
All games are made up. They’re not found in nature. You don’t just dig in the ground, come across a rich vein of Rock’em Sock’em Robots.
That is true. I have a higher than normal body density. If I run too deep a bath, I drown.
No, that’s not fair either.
Darts is a bar game. You’ve been frequenting drinking establishments since you were of legal age.
Well, regardless, she has a distinct advantage in all tavern-based competitions. Pool, beer pong, wet T-shirt contests, they’re all out.
No.
Hurry up, find him, find him.
For goodness’ sake, he’s wearing a hat, glasses, and a red striped shirt.
How could you not find him?
I’m okay. I’m okay. I’m not okay.
Stop that.
Amy, do something. Amy, help. Amy, stop that. Amy, Penny, both of you, stop it.
Wait. I’m a little concerned. Blueberries are rich in antioxidants.
So, with all those antioxidants, what if I run out of oxidants?
That’s rude.
Oh, ow, blueberry in my nose, blueberry in my nose!
