If I could keep my Gmail account, I’d be okay with that.
If we’re going to change the topic from jellyfish, I’d be okay with brine shrimp or the history of the unicycle.
Excuse me, the whole tenure system is ridiculous. A guaranteed job for life only encourages the faculty to become complacent. If we really want science to advance, people should have chips implanted in their skulls that explode when they say something stupid.
Pchew!
Raj, don’t dangle false hope in front of Leonard like that.
Pchew! Pchew! Pchew! Pchew!
While I disagree with the premise of tenure, if they gave it to me, it wouldn’t diminish my output. You know, I’m like the sun. Can’t turn this off.
Mm-hmm.
Well put. You know, I must say I go back and forth on this boyfriend-girlfriend thing, but those moments when you worship me really keep you in the running.
My primary concern with being granted tenure is living with an insanely jealous roommate after the fact. I might need to sleep with a gun under my pillow. Or a chainsaw.
Or, the chainsaw.
Sheldon Cooper does not do cozy.
But I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to know who’s on the committee. Let’s see. Oh, Janine Davis. Oh, dear.
Well…
Even you. You’re a slave.
I’m not sure, it could go either way.
Yes, hello. I’m fine. Um, I understand you may have a bad impression of me, so I bought you a gift.
It’s too late. Get ready to like me.
The tragic history of slavery in America. Fun for the whole family.
Um… Well… You are black, right?
Because you want to start watching it right now. Copy that. Let’s see. Up next on the tenure committee is Professor Wu. Well, get ready for the complete works of Jackie Chan.
Barely knew him.
I won’t be able to make our date night this Thursday, so, bad news for you.
First of all, when you say things like that, people think you’re crazy. Second, the reason I’m cancelling is because I have to attend a memorial service for Professor Tupperman.
Eh, it will be. Honestly, if I must endure a long and tedious evening, I’d rather it be with you on date night. But I have no choice. The tenure committee’s going to be there.
Well, now that I think about it, that would be most helpful.
Actually, I meant you could drive me. But if it makes you happy, that other stuff, too.
Okay.
Sad.
Glad.
Bad. However…
Fine. Bad.
You’re here.
So am I. His passing makes me feel bad.
What are you going to do? Take people’s drink orders and get them wrong?
What? Did she do it yet?
Well, that’s a fine how-do-you-do. Don’t just stand there. Take your breasts out.
Are you implying that my girlfriend has no sexuality to exploit?
Okay, because that was not clear.
What? That was ambiguous.
Um…
Well, yes, of course, he wouldn’t like that at all. Last night, I was feeling in need of sexual release when I happened to come across your mother.
I don’t know what you’re doing, but I was about to insinuate that I had coitus with Raj’s mother for a dollar.
What do you think I should do?
I don’t want any more, but let’s go.
Wait. Hold on. I believe screw it, I’m going in is what I said to your mother last night. Don’t worry, I didn’t really say that. I find the concept of coitus ridiculous and off-putting.
(Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? (Knock, knock, knock) Mrs Davis? I know you’re in there. I saw your car in the parking lot.
I just found out that you recommended myself, Dr. Hofstadter and Dr. Koothrappali to be on the short list for tenure.
I don’t know what you mean by quirks, but, um, I do want to express my gratitude.
No, no. No, I learned my lesson. I understand that was inappropriate.
Anyway, thank you.
Yeah, right on, sister.
