That’s a good one. Dumbledore dies in that one. Yeah, I know, I didn’t see it coming, either.
You brought up the subject. I contributed an interesting fact on that subject. It’s called the art of conversation. Okay, your turn.
Good.
Oh, really, Leonard? Are you going to have another one of your hissy fits?
Yes, and I have a theory why. Because of your lactose intolerance, you switched over to soy milk. Soy contains estrogen-mimicking compounds. I think your morning Cocoa Puffs are turning you into a hysterical woman.
There you go again, nag, nag, nag. You’re only proving my point, little lady.
What? I’m annoying? You criticize my behaviour all the time. Sheldon, don’t talk about your bowel movements over breakfast. Sheldon, when the president of the university is giving a eulogy at a funeral, don’t yawn and point at your watch. Sheldon, don’t throw away my shirts ’cause you think they’re ugly. You’re impossible.
Actually, I have your signature on a roommate agreement that says you do.
You pick that up right now.
Roommate agreement, section 27, paragraph 5, the roommate agreement, like the American flag, cannot touch the ground.
Where are you going?
Crazy bastard?
Leonard, wait.
Dobby the elf dies in book seven.
One vintage Mr. Mxyzptlk action figure. That’s Leonard’s.
The Next Generation phaser. That’s Leonard’s.
One Game of Thrones collector’s edition Longclaw sword. Oh, Leonard and I bought that together. That’s a bit of an ethical conundrum. Eh, I’ll keep it.
Uh, suppose I’ll have to find and cultivate a new roommate. What a task that will be. Do you know how uncivilized Leonard was when I took him in?
Oh, it took me forever to get him on a bathroom schedule. He would just go whenever the mood struck him.
Exactly.
That would be ideal. If a person like that existed, I would sign on, no further questions asked.
Wait. Here who is where?
Um…
Um…
Um…
Um…
(Knock, knock, knock) Good buddy Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Good buddy Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Good buddy Leonard.
Hey, good buddy. So, uh, I was just talking to Amy, and she made me realize that this little dust-up between you and me is much ado about nothing.
Yes. All is forgiven, so come back home. I’ll make you some soy hot chocolate, and then I’ll you tell you about our exciting new devil-may-care bathroom policy.
Okay. Amy’s decided she wants to move in with me, so I need you to come back home, you lovable scamp. That’s a lot of product.
Leonard, please. You know Amy moving in marks a level of intimacy our relationship isn’t ready for.
Feelings? What am I, a hippie at a love-in? No. The problem is, she laid out a series of logical arguments that I couldn’t refute.
Yes.
Um…
Hello, home wrecker.
You gave Leonard somewhere to go. Thanks to you, Amy’s out buying his and hers bath towels. Like I’d ever dry myself with something that has a possessive pronoun on it.
Great. Kick him out. Break his heart. Everybody wins.
You think this is fast? It’s just a matter of time before I see Amy’s leg stubble in my shower.
Hold on. If you don’t want to live with Leonard, why don’t you just tell him?
That’s because he drinks too much soy milk.
I suppose there’s no choice but to face the crying, angry accusations and the high-pitched wails of despair.
Is it kung pao chicken?
Brown rice, not white rice?
Spicy mustard from the Korean deli?
Yes. Amy, are you worried that us living together will take the mystery out of our relationship?
Yeah, why would you?
Hello. This is Sheldon.
We’re not home right now.
You can’t live here.
No. It’s not the message.
You did.
It’s Penny’s fault.
She doesn’t want to live with Leonard, so he has to come live here again. She’s the snake in our garden. She’s the reason we can’t be happy.
I said the truth. You don’t want to live with Leonard, and you know it.
Yeah, I think we should talk about that.
I thought we were talking about the other thing.
Well, the evidence does support that.
Do you want to catch up on some Walking Dead?
Have you seen the one where Lori dies?
Or maybe she doesn’t. Let’s find out.
