Okay, my turn. Let me talk to him.
2311 North Los Robles Avenue, Pasadena, California to International Space Station. Can you read me? Over. (Makes static noise)
Copy that. Over. (Static noise)
I am talking to a man in space. If you don’t have the (static noise) then he might as well be at the Coffee Bean over on Lake Street.
That’s a negative. My mother had me tested. Over. (Static noise)
Over and out. (Static noise)
What are you doing here?
Excuse me. I didn’t authorize this.
That’s mighty sassy for a man with a roommate performance review around the corner.
The big deal is I was expecting us to be an intimate group of five. Now, we’re going to be a faceless mass of six.
Hmm. Do you like Raisinets?
At the movies, Wolowitz always eats Raisinets.
Well, it’s hardly my business what you eat, as long as it doesn’t crunch during the film and it’s Raisinets.
Yuh-uh, one more question, if you’re going to replace Wolowitz, I need to know a little more about you.
Wolowitz went to MIT. What’s your educational background?
Equally ridiculous. Let’s go.
This insistence on hand-holding is preposterous.
Yeah, of course you do. You’re a girl. You like all kinds of hippy-dippy things.
It’s not fair. Penny isn’t making Leonard hold hands.
Sweaty? Unhygienic? Looks dumb? Take your pick.
Wrong. She just took a sip from his Diet Dr. Pepper.
So, if she wants to end her pair-bond with Leonard, why on earth would she guzzle a witches’ brew of his soda and spit?
String theory is complicated. That’s just yucky. Don’t get any ideas. All right, for the sake of argument, let’s say that’s true. Why doesn’t Penny just end the relationship?
How can she not be sure how she feels? You know, when I have a feeling, I know it. Trains? Love them. Swordfish? I love them, too. They’re fish with a sword for a nose.
Now you’re asking me to keep a secret from my best friend, colleague, and roommate?
Uh, fine. FYI, secret-keeping? Hate it. Hand-holding? Not a fan. Hammerhead shark? I love that thing. Yeah, it’s another fish with a tool on its head.
Shh, we’re trying to watch the movie. This is not working out with him.
I think I might have tartar buildup. My tongue won’t go as far forward as it used to.
Nope. Oh, you have no idea how annoying this is.
Thank you. I appreciate that. You’re good people, Leonard. There’s something I need to tell you.
I can’t tell you.
I can’t tell you why I can’t tell you. So I guess there’s two things I can’t tell you.
Good night. I’m sorry. This is really important.
I like The Transformers. Do you like The Transformers?
Leonard, the Transformers teach us that things are not always what they appear to be. You know, like, uh, a semi truck might be an alien robot, or, uh, someone in a romantic relationship, uh, might feel differently than they appear to. Or a conversation about The Transformers might actually be about someone in this room. I’m going to pause to let that sink in.
You do?
That is literally the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
Are you sleeping?
Never mind. I still can’t tell you.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Penny wakes up and screams. Sheldon also screams)
You frightened me.
Yeah, well, I knocked on the front door, but you didn’t hear it.
Yeah, really? I’ve seen strange men traipsing in and out of here for years, but when I do it, it’s weird?
Oh, I was having a little trouble sleeping and I just thought, uh, seeing as you’re up, we could talk.
Oh, I don’t know, uh, weather, uh, fish you could do carpentry with, why Leonard is such an attractive and desirable boyfriend. Yeah, pick one, your choice.
Did you know that Leonard has a perfect driving record and enjoys the insurance discounts that go along with that? Hubba-hubba.
Yeah. Did you know that while Leonard is not considered a tall fellow in our country, in today’s North Korea, he’s downright average. Hey, talk about a keeper.
Oh, very well. I can’t keep up this clever charade any longer. She told me that you were thinking of ending it with Leonard.
Excuse me. This is not about protecting my friend. I’m a big fan of homeostasis. Do you know what that is?
Homeostasis refers to a system’s ability to regulate its internal environment and maintain a constant condition of properties like temperature or pH.
My point is I don’t like when things change. So, regardless of your feelings, I would like you to continue dating Leonard. And also, while we’re on the subject, you recently changed your shampoo. I’m not comfortable with the new scent. Please stop this madness and go back to green apple.
I do. You clear on the shampoo issue?
Penny?
Please don’t hurt my friend.
Thank you. Coconut? What were you thinking? Are you a hula girl?
Penny knows that you blabbed about Leonard. She’s pretty mad.
All right then, so we’re all on the same page. Yes.
I’m sorry. Wolowitz would never play that card.
Fairy God Monster, I win. Your desperate need for friendship makes you weak.
Leonard? Maybe you’d like to go with them to meet girls.
Yeah, for now. But that woman has a death wish, Leonard. She talks to strangers, she pets unfamiliar dogs, and it is ridiculously easy to break into her apartment. If I were you, I’d get a back-up.
Do you remember how upset I was when they replaced Edward Norton as the Hulk?
But, then Mark Ruffalo was the Hulk in The Avengers, and he was even better.
Call me a romantic. I like to think that your Mark Ruffalo is still out there somewhere.
Yeah, settle down there, fake Wolowitz. No one likes a kiss-up.
