I got the B word.
If you ask me, this whole thing is a waste of our time.
Helping anyone. People should take care of themselves.
I’m not saying people can’t use tools. Even an otter picks up a rock when he wants a clam.
I think that’s incredibly sexist of you. I believe in a gender-blind society like in Star Trek, where women and men of all races and creeds work side by side as equals.
Howard’s disturbing recollections aside, I don’t appreciate being forced to do banal committee work.
Exactly. It’s like asking the Human Torch to heat up your frozen burrito.
I suppose there is a history of professional women using their initials so as not to be pre-judged. Harry Potter’s J.K. Rowling, uh, Star Trek’s D.C. Fontana.
We’re not. This time you’re the smart kid doing all the work while the even smarter kids sit back and watch.
No, you’re a tool I was using to make my point.
How is it sexist? My character wields a battle axe as well as any man.
Mother, warrior-princess, franchise owner, I hear glass ceilings shattering all over town.
All your ideas address the issue at a university level. By then it’s too late. You need to design an outreach program that targets girls at the middle school level and sets them on an academic track towards the hard sciences.
Some people are otters, some people are rocks.
Oh, hold on. While I’m comfortable speaking about science, I’m not sure I know how to spark the interest of schoolchildren. Better Google it.
How do I get 12-year-old girls excited.
This must feel pretty good for you, coming back to your alma mater as an astronaut.
Smart. We don’t want any problems.
Hello, female children. Allow me to inspire you with a story about a great female scientist. Polish-born, French-educated Madame Curie. Co-discoverer of radioactivity, she was a hero of science, until her hair fell out, her vomit and stool became filled with blood, and she was poisoned to death by her own discovery. With a little hard work, I see no reason why that can’t happen to any of you. Are we done? Can we go?
Uh, hello again. Um, yeah, I don’t know if women in general have been actively discouraged from pursuing the sciences, but it’s clear you young women here, today, have been. While I was listening to my colleagues waste your time, it occurred to me that it might be much more meaningful to hear about women in science from actual women in science, and, uh, I happen to know two brilliant examples who have agreed to speak to you on the phone right now. Uh, Dr. Rostenkowski, Dr. Fowler, are you there?
Thank you for taking time out of your very busy schedule to enlighten these young women.
Heard you the first time.
