Yeah, oh, I’m sorry. I should’ve mentioned this earlier. You’re not invited.
Amy, from time to time, we men need to break free from the shackles of civility and get in touch with our primal animalistic selves.
Yeah, like a bunch of savages.
A Christmas gift? You know I don’t enjoy Christmas.
Oh, where to begin? Trees indoors. Overuse of the words ’tis and ’twas. And the absurd custom of one stocking. Everyone knows socks belong in pairs. Who uses one sock?
Actually that helps, thank you.
Oh, a scroll. I like scrolls. They’re my third favourite system of transmitting the written word. After stone tablets and skywriting. You have all been summoned to join a thrilling Dungeons and Dragons adventure. Your quest begins in a secret northern village of elves who have all been massacred. I like where this is heading. Your task is to rescue their leader from a dungeon of ogres. Oh, that’s a saucy twist. That leader’s name, Santa Claus. No, no, no.
Fun? Mixing Dungeons and Dragons with Christmas is like making a sandwich of grape jelly, the best-tasting jelly, and petroleum jelly, the worst-tasting jelly.
I signal my contempt for your cruel plan to shove Christmas joy down my throat by making a gesture that says get a load of this guy.
Lucky.
I know they’re making a rhetorical point, I just don’t know what it is.
I open the chest.
Wait, Svaty Vaclav was the Duke of Bohemia.
Wait, wait. Svaty Vaclav is better known as Good King Wenceslas from the beloved Victorian Christmas carol.
Good King Wenceslas looked out, on the feast of Stephen. When the snow lay ’round about, deep and crisp and even
Brightly shone the moon that night, though the frost was cruel. When a poor man came in sight gathering winter fuel.
It was simple. I combined a well-known historical fact about Bohemia with the memory of my grandparents, Mee-Maw and Pop-Pop, singing Christmas carols while I sat in front of the fire and tried to build a high-energy particle accelerator out of Legos.
W-W-Wait. There’s still four more verses. You don’t sing a song and not finish it. Hither, page, and stand by me, if thou know’st it, telling. Yonder peasant, who is he? Where and what his dwelling? Brightly shone the moon that night, though the frost…
Ye who now will bless the poor, shall yourselves find blessing. Ba-da-bum.
I think the word you’re looking for is bravo.
Melted snowmen? Are there carrots and lumps of coal in the water?
Well it’s a game of the imagination, Leonard. Paint a picture.
What happened to the top hats and the corncob pipes?
Oh, it’s like I’m really there.
Yes. What, is there a problem?
Since when is eggnog a Christmas drink? Eggs are available all year ’round. I’ve been known to enjoy this poolside.
Oh, don’t be silly. Christmas is a bunch of baloney created by the tinsel industry. Why is this so important to you?
No wonder you love Christmas. That sounds amazing.
Yeah, I’m familiar with your work. C-minus was your gift.
All right. I think I cracked the code to lower the drawbridge.
Play through the pain.
But first, I cast a spell of paralysis on Stuart and Howard.
You can’t talk, you’re paralyzed. I get right up in Santa’s big, fat face and say, well, well, well, jolly old Saint Nick, we meet again. Yeah, I believe the last time we spoke was in the Baybrook Mall in Galveston, Texas, when I was five years old, isn’t that right?
My mother dragged me there and she plopped me down on your lap and you asked me what I wanted for Christmas. And I told you, my Pop-Pop, because that was the year my grandfather died. I missed him and I wanted him back.
Pop-Pop was the only one in my family who encouraged me to pursue science. But you didn’t bring him back, did you? No, instead, I got Lincoln Logs. Well, you can build a lot of neat things out of Lincoln Logs, but Pop-Pop ain’t one of ’em. And now you’re here asking me for something, to save you. Well, sorry, Mr. Kringle, but today’s not your day. I’m leaving you here to rot, and I hope the ogres feast on your bones. I take the skeleton key, and I toss it into the chasm, and on the way out, I give Santa a swift kick in his bowl full of jelly!
Santa?
Well, then, you shouldn’t have jingle bells on your boots.
I understand.
Oh, I hope it’s a train.
Two trains?
I’m getting three trains.
Wait, uh, uh, hang on. In my defense…
