Interesting. Do you recall this conversation? Leonard, want to go halfsies on a steamer? No, Sheldon, we don’t need a steamer. Looks like that rumpled chicken’s come home to roost.
That’s a wise policy. I once borrowed my sister’s makeup for a costume contest. Got a terrible case of pinkeye. But luckily, I was going as a zombie. I won second place.
So to answer your question, no, it’s not better.
It’s a comic book convention. You know, it’s like pizza or particle accelerators, even the stinky one’s still pretty good.
I think you should turn on the GPS.
But the turn-by-turn voice option isn’t on. I know I’d feel more safe if you turn on the turn-by-turn voice option. I love the turn-by-turn voice option.
Ooh, sounds like that fellow knows what he’s talking about. I’d put on my listening ears if I were you.
I found a hack online. I was able to upload MP3 recordings of my voice to your GPS.
Shh, he said it’s interesting.
Oh, they shot a lot of Star Trek episodes out there.
Oh, smashing. Now, Leonard, do you know how to get there?
Yeah, well luckily, someone in the car does.
None of you will get it. It’s Eisenhower.
I know Mr. Data isn’t supposed to smile, but here it comes.
Mr. Data’s weapon is his mind. I’m wielding it.
Stealing is against the law!
Nope. The only thing left to do now is assign blame. (To Raj) Nice going.
What kind of person leaves his keys in the car?
You’re right. Nice going.
Maybe we’re better off. What if we were to get in a car with a crazy person?
Well, perhaps we should hold up a sign that assures passing motorists of our mental competence.
What, you think just because you’re wearing a captain’s uniform, you’re in charge?
All right.
Gentlemen, a little less bellyaching. We’re Starfleet officers and a member of the Borg Collective.
Leonard, all our lives we have dreamed of finding ourselves inside one of the fantasy worlds we love. And look at us. At this moment, we are, in fact, a Star Trek landing party stranded in an alien and unforgiving environment, relying only on our wits, our fortitude and our moxie. As long as we have those things, nothing can stop…
I hate this planet.
Hello. Hello. Uh, uh, uh, four glasses of water, please. Anything for you guys?
Scotty was on the original series, and we’re Next Generation. So, joke’s on you.
Actually, it’s three against one.
Yeah, well, we’re not. We’re an imaginary landing party who had real-life garbage thrown at us by real-life strangers who think we’re idiots. And to tell you the truth, I’m starting to feel like one. I want to go home now.
Well, I say that’s the last time we ever go outside.
There’s only one logical explanation. Somewhere in the desert we crossed into an alternate dimension where the women in our lives can finally appreciate great literature.
Captain, what are your orders?
Wait. They might be hostile.
