Dungeons & Dragons.
I’ve got a brand-new seven piece set of polyhedral dice. Hello, new dice smell.
Yeah, yeah, we’ll be right there. Leonard?
I’m not sure how I feel about Howard being dungeon master instead of you.
Oh, please. Every time the topic of change comes up, you throw Zachary Quinto in my face. I’m upset the mailman has a new haircut, Zachary Quinto. I’m upset that daylight saving time started, Zachary Quinto. I’m upset daylight saving time ended, Zachary Quinto. I’m saying this for the last time, Zachary Quinto was a weird, wonderful, unrepeatable event. So stop using him against me.
As good? You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes.
Go on, give him your lunch money.
He does sound effects, too!
Okay, well, I have a sound effect for those sound effects. (Blows raspberry)
Ah, that’s my girl.
It would? Fun? Okay, three weeks ago you bought crunchy peanut butter, now you want the girls to play D&D? Do you have a drug problem?
Well, I’ve just never played Dungeons & Dragons with girls before.
I’ll leave it up to the dungeon master.
Yeah, we, now, Penny, we don’t consume alcohol during Dungeons & Dragons. It impairs our judgment.
Okay, literal goose bumps. Look.
I ready my quarter-staff.
Oh, even better than money. You gained experience points.
That is amazing. He made me care about the ogre.
Yay!
Yeah, uh, wait. Doesn’t he say something first? You know, maybe in the voice of a beloved celebrity?
The dragon’s Christopher Walken. That’s perfect.
Wait. Wait. And says?
Oh, I don’t know about you guys, but I have been through the emotional wringer tonight.
Another quest by Wolowitz? Count me in.
Oh, then I’m out.
You see what happens when you let girls play D&D?
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy.
I’ve never knocked on my own door before. That was a wild ride.
Thank you. Would you go tell everyone else that? Because they sure think otherwise.
Well, I don’t think our relationship is a joke. I think “a horse goes into a bar, bartender says, why the long face?’, that’s a joke. It’s a good one, too, because a horse has a long face.
Oh, my. That’s an uncomfortable topic. Amy, before I met you, I never had any interest in being intimate with anyone.
And now what?
I have not ruled it out.
I know it doesn’t seem like it to you, but, for me, what we have is extremely intimate.
More? I mean, look at us. It’s only been three years, here we are in bed together.
Well, no. Hold on. My Elven magic-user and your half-orc warrior did have a love spell cast on them. We wouldn’t really be playing the game right if we didn’t see that through.
I believe that, uh, we just killed a dragon. While the others pillage the corpse, I lead you to a secluded area where I attempt to remove your leather armour. (Rolls dice) It comes off.
What do you do?
I kiss you back on the (Rolls dice) lips as well. Your turn.
I erotically caress your (Rolls dice) nose.
We’re fine, thank you.
