It’s a hypothetical containment field for a Frisbee-sized wormhole that could serve as a portal to a parallel universe.
It’s a Frisbee-sized wormhole, Leonard. You can block it with a Frisbee. Calm down. (Hands Howard the napkin)
I expect you to wipe the pudding off your chin. Gentlemen.
Oh, hello.
No, thank you.
I’m quite sure. Good day.
Where are you going?
I just told you.
Well, it’s your word against mine; see you in court.
To be honest, I didn’t know you were here.
You think you don’t care?
Oh, I don’t know. I mean, statistically speaking, I’m sure you have something to worry about.
Well, if we assume your looks are average, yeah, right off the bat, fifty percent of men on Earth are more attractive than you. That’s one point five billion handsome lads standing by, waiting to rain on your parade.
Not height, vision, athleticism, or ability to digest dairy products.
You were just spying on your girlfriend through a peephole.
I’m not saying you don’t have attractive qualities. Your choice of friends is impeccable, you’re a good sleeper, and last but not least, you buy the grapes I like. You’re a real catch compared to some snoring guy with a fridge full of lousy grapes.
Well, unless of course he’s a skilled hypnotist.
While unlikely, it’s still a statistical possibility. She might be performing sexual acts with him and not even know it.
Am I? The mind’s a mysterious thing, Leonard. He could be having the time of his life while she thinks she’s a chicken pecking for corn.
I thought you left a long time ago.
This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Experimental log. Wormhole generator test forty-four.
The first forty-three parallel universes I’ve checked proved to be empty. I see no reason to suspect universe number forty-four will be any different. (Puts his head in the wormhole)
Oh! It’s eating my face!
I found your webcam and replaced the video feed. You two should be ashamed of yourselves.
Sorry? You may not realize it, but I have difficulty navigating certain aspects of daily life. You know, understanding sarcasm, feigning interest in others, not talking about trains as much as I want to. It’s exhausting. Which is why, for twenty minutes a day, I like to go down to that room, turn my mind off and do what I need to do to recharge.
You don’t need to know, you don’t deserve to know, and you will never know.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight… Drat. I’m never going to get to forty-three again. One, two, three, four… Rats.
