Oh, dear. Penny, have you been recording shows on our DVR again?
Answer honestly. This is not a trial. That’ll come later.
Mall Cop?
I’m deleting it.
No, that’s the season two finale. That was quite the cliffhanger. I’m going to re-watch it before season three starts.
Well, they can’t cancel it. It ended on a cliffhanger.
Dumplings? Don’t you understand what’s going on here?
That show ended with all the residents of New York either dead or unconscious. Oh, now I’ll never know what happened.
Oh, sure, what a wonderful idea. And after that, I’ll make up my own rules of oral hygiene. You know, instead of flossing, I’ll rub pudding on my gums. I’m going to get the number of the SyFy Channel and give them what for.
No. They can’t just cancel a show like Alphas. You know? They have to help the viewers let go. Firefly did a movie to wrap things up. Buffy the Vampire Slayer continued on as a comic book. Heroes gradually lowered the quality season by season till we were grateful it ended.
Hello, SyFy Network? Yeah, this is your vice president of programming. Now, we have made a horrible mistake regarding Alphas. Yeah, we need to uncancel it immediately. Well, you just put me through to the people who handle that, you tell them it’s me, and I don’t want to answer a lot of questions about if I really am who I say I am, you know? I just. I want this done. No, I am not the person who just called. That man was clearly a cowboy. Yeah, who was plumb concerned about y’all cancelling his favourite show. Why do they keep hanging up on me?
I am not flying back to Texas just so my mom can give me a hug.
Oh, that’s nonsense. I mean, you tell me stories about your day all the time. I don’t care how they end.
Yeah, but I just told you, I don’t have a problem with closure.
Oh, quite sure. (Amy starts a knocking sequence on the table. After staring at her a moment, Sheldon completes it.) That proves nothing.
I take issue with the word compulsive.
…tion. Okay. For the sake of argument, let’s say I have a problem. What would be your plan for addressing it?
By playing tic-tac-toe?
Oh, Amy. And you wonder why people think neuroscience is nothing but a goofy game for diaper babies. Tic-tac-toe can only end in win, lose or draw, none of which will deny me closure. Especially since I’m about to win. (She wipes the board clean.) B-But we didn’t finish.
The same way any normal person would. I feel like I want to peel off my own face and tear it in two and then again and again until I have a handful of Sheldon-face confetti.
Or you could pitch in, grab a nostril and help me get this face off.
You don’t know what it’s like to feel completely frustrated. To have a desire build up within you and be denied any opportunity for release.
Yes.
Let’s box it up.
Lucky for you, ’cause I wished you were dead.
Amy, I must say, I was sceptical at first, but this has truly been a transformative evening.
Well, you’re an excellent neuroscientist, you’re a wonderful girlfriend, and…
Doesn’t matter, does it?
And a complete sucker.
I love you, too.
Hello. Uh, is this the Bruce Miller who wrote the season finale of Alphas? Oh, smashing. Yeah, you already sound nicer than the last Bruce Miller who suggested I have sexual relations with myself. Now, down to business. Um, your show ended on a cliffhanger. Could you please tell me how you planned to resolve it? Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. I see. Well, that all stinks. No wonder you got cancelled. Bye.
