Yeah, I used to be uncomfortable around people, but then I learned a trick. I pretend everyone I meet is a beloved character from Star Trek.
Oh, like a charm, unnamed crewman in a red shirt.
Yes, he does. He caters to my every whim.
Well, now, but do you think that’s a good idea? Uh, you know Star Trek. Should a guy with no name and a red shirt really go on an expedition?
No one asked you, Uhura.
Would you like to hear a classic Sheldon Cooper factoid?
Great. I’ve been doing some reading about vehicular safety. Did you know that the highest number of drowning accidents happen on or around boats?
Well, that’s the thing about factoids, they’re interesting.
I’m not afraid to be alone. On land. On the sea, it would be terrifying. Because of all the drowning.
Fine, no more drowning talk. I’ll change the subject. Oh. Who do you think would win in a fight, you or a shark?
Very well. Things between you and Penny have never been better. I hope four months apart doesn’t change anything. I should have opened with that, huh?
Leonard, you’re being selfish. We need to give you a proper send-off so we’ll have closure when you die at sea and crabs eat your face.
Oh, gee, I don’t know. My schedule’s a little busy.
Fine, I’ll do it.
This is ridiculous, we’re shopping for a party and this store doesn’t even have a party section.
You know, I have to say, Penny, I don’t understand why you of all people are encouraging Leonard to do this.
Yeah, well, you’re his girlfriend for now. You know, maybe you’re not aware of this, but there is a rich tradition of men at sea finding comfort in each other’s arms and britches.
It’s not that big of an opportunity. And even if Hawking’s theories are correct, all they prove is where the universe came from, why everything exists and what its ultimate end will be. I mean, me? I’m interested in the big questions.
I’m not jealous. I’m just very unhappy that good things are happening for him and not happening for me.
It was you.
You ripped out your own fake blonde hair.
They lie so they don’t look petty.
How?
Wow. No wonder you didn’t get that toothpaste commercial.
Um, can I have your attention, everyone? (Clinks glass) That’s, uh, B-flat, for those who don’t have perfect pitch. I would like to propose a toast to my best friend, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter. He has been presented with a wonderful opportunity, and I couldn’t be happier for him.
Well, I mean it. I’m really happy for you. And that’s how you get a toothpaste commercial. Cheers.
Thank you.
It did not kill me when you went to space. Monkeys went to space.
Penny, we’re in the red zone. The white zone is for loading and unloading. We’re breaking the law.
All right, you have to get out of the car right now. I’m not going to jail for you.
Oh, I see a space in the white zone. Quick, circle the airport.
Oh, dear Lord, a police officer’s glancing in our direction. We’ve been made.
It’s just a heart-shaped locket with a picture of Leonard’s face in it. He got it at the mall on clearance. Now move, move, move.
Don’t worry, Officer. They just love each other. We’re not smuggling drugs.
