I must admit, I can’t help but feel a twinge of envy. He can look out the window and see the majesty of the universe unfolding before his eyes. His dim, uncomprehending eyes. It’s like a cat in an airport carrying case.
Whatever it is, we know his life will never be the same.
Leonard, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
You don’t even know what it is, do you? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does, the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question. As I am doing so eloquently right now.
Of course. I just explained it to you. Now, where do you stand on it?
Strongly pro.
Yeah, wait, Raj, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
Attaboy!
Oh, Leonard. Let’s not take a saw to the branch we’re sitting on, shall we?
As I’ve stated before on numerous occasions, the only sea creature I would even consider being eaten by is the Kraken, because the last words I would hear are “Release the Kraken.” That never gets old. “Release the Kraken!” Oh, chills. Besides, I’m having dinner with Amy.
Darn. If you weren’t busy, I’d ask you to join us.
Oh, absolutely. I have a contractual obligation to provide Amy with conversation and casual physical contact, but nowhere is it specified that I can’t outsource that to an Indian.
Oh, I’m glad you like it. Raj picked it out.
Tell him yourself.
I invited him.
Yes, it is. There’s a loophole in the Relationship Agreement.
Oh, I hope that’s a rhetorical question, because I have no clue.
Every time you drink alcohol.
Your point being?
I just had cobbler.
W-Where are you going?
You can’t leave. I need you.
Yes. You’re my ride.
All right. Please. Amy, when I look in your eyes and you’re looking back in mine, everything feels not quite normal, because I feel stronger and weaker at the same time. I feel excited and, at the same time, terrified. The truth is, I don’t know what I feel, except I know what kind of man I want to be.
I should hope so. That’s from the first Spider-Man movie.
Good. Now, I assume we’re splitting the cheque?
