I’ll eat later. Right now, I’m suckling at the informative bosom of mother physics.
Would it come with Kung-Fu grip?
Don’t waste my time.
A hush falls over the crowd as Cooper studies the board. He makes his move. He’s dividing both sides by I. He’s adding back the coefficient. He has a value for P. He’s plugging that back in. He takes the derivative, and he solves the equation. The crowd goes wild. Nobel! Nobel!
Nobel. Kripke. Don’t look at my board.
That’s a drawing of a really cool train. Don’t look at that, either. What do you want?
So they asked you to pack up your things and ship out. That’s hard cheese, Barry. You’re one of the good ones.
That’s ridiculous. I am one of the great minds of our generation. I work on a level so rarified you couldn’t even imagine it. I said stop looking at my cool train!
There is ominous music playing, and there is an afghan over my head. I don’t know where you’re from, but where I’m from, that means I’m not doing okay.
Tea is for when I’m upset. I’m not upset. The university’s forcing me to work with Kripke. I’m outraged.
Yes, cocoa. Do you have any idea what it’s like to be paired with someone who’s so incredibly annoying?
See, I did all this great work, and now he’s just going to come along and ruin it. I am angrier than ever and filled with despair.
Yes, hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks!
And yet, now you’re in my office. Point, Cooper. Welcome to the Thunderdome, Kripke.
Why don’t you show me yours first.
How do I know you’re not going to take my ideas and publish them as your own?
Because I’m not interested in getting published in Mad magazine. Zingers fly fast in the Thunderdome, Barry.
Fine.
And I am sure it’s still more valuable than whatever’s in here.
Very well.
Fine.
I’m fine.
Yes.
I read his research, and, it’s leaps and bounds ahead of mine. Which means the mommy of the smartest physicist at the university is not my mommy as I had thought. It’s his mommy.
What do we have to lose?
I feel like I’m being strangled by a boa constrictor. Why’d you stop?
I can’t go in today. I’m sick.
No, look.
See?
Oh, dear. Now I’m not even smarter than you.
Oh, don’t play the Einstein card. His great breakthroughs happened when no one knew anything. So everything was a great breakthrough.
All right, geez. What a grouch.
I know. Go ahead, mock me. Just use small words so I understand.
We do?
So?
Yes. That is the reason. My work is suffering because of all the laid I’m getting.
What can I say, you know? She enjoys my genitals. I am giving them to her on a nightly basis.
I’ll do what I can. But it’s not going to be easy, because when I’m with Amy and our bathing suit areas mush together, boy howdy, is it magic
Because the truth made me look bad, whereas a ridiculous bald-faced lie makes me look good. Anyway, if Kripke asks, tell him my coitus with Amy is frequent, intense and whimsically inventive.
Of course.
That’s awfully personal.
Well, word around the university is I’m giving her sex organs a proper jostling.
Well, first of all, I’m quite fond of Amy.
Penny, all my life, I have been uncomfortable with the sort of physical contact that comes easily to others, hand-shaking, hugging, prostate exams. But I’m working on it, you know? Just recently, I had to put VapoRub on Amy’s chest. A year ago, that would have been unthinkable.
It’s a possibility.
Fine.
Well, the equation balances, but it’s certainly not elegant.
Yes.
No, I gave it to her well. Now, over here, I was thinking the turbulence could be reduced if we just put…
I didn’t notice.
I was too busy squishing all the desirable parts of her body.
Can we get back to work?
Toys? I do have a model rocket next to my bed.
