Is anyone else troubled by the Spider-Man theme song?
It is, right behind do-do-do-do-do Inspector Gadget., and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, heroes in a half-shell.
However, the Spider-Man lyrics posit that Spider-Man, Spider-Man does whatever a spider can.
I can think of many things Spider-Man can’t do that a spider can. One, crawl in your ear and die. Two, legally leave Guatemala without a passport. Three, have sex with a spider.
You know what I like to do when I’m forced to speak with those beneath my intellectual station? I bring up an interesting topic, like the difference between Spider-Man and spiders.
No, you can’t use that one. That’s mine. Uh, try this one for an ice-breaker. Uh, despite popular lore, there is no place in the continental United States, Alaska or Hawaii from which one can dig straight through the centre of the earth and come up in China.
Actually, you can’t have that one either. It’s too good. Sorry.
Sadly, yes. Amy’s taking me to a memorial service. It’s for one of her colleagues who is of Asian descent, so my planned conversational gambit is to casually remark that no matter how deep they dig his grave, he’ll never make his way back to China.
What can I say? I put the fun in funeral.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Oh, right, funeral. (Knock, knock, knock) (solemnly) Amy.
I’m not allowed to wear my Silver Surfer neck tie, but you can wear a bathrobe?
You’re sick? You poor kid. Well, see ya.
Me? No. No, I’m not that kind of doctor.
Oh, no, I see the confusion. No, the intent behind that clause was to force you to take care of me when I’m ill. When you’re feeling better, you’ll think that’s funny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. I made a commitment in writing to comfort you in times like this. Additionally, you are my girlfriend, and I care about your well-being.
You’re welcome. Now let’s get this over with.
102.2. Exactly what it was half an hour ago. It’s like you’re not even trying to get better.
Well, not with that attitude.
I’m sorry. I just want you to get better as soon as possible. And with that goal in mind, let me ask you a question. Do you believe in the placebo effect?
Great. Now, this may look like a Tic Tac, but it is really a powerful medication specifically designed to cure your illness as well as freshen your breath.
How can you sleep? I’m not done making you feel better. I still have to put a cold rag on your head, sing to you and apply VapoRub to your chest.
Yes. All over it.
Now you’re being a responsible patient. Now, you may notice some tingling.
And the control group displayed significantly fewer genetic abnormalities. But, because of flaws in the experimental design relating to environment and diet, they lived inconclusively ever after. The end.
No. I need to get you down for a nap. And for some reason, that VapoRub gets you all fired up. (Opens door)
Oh, I’m hanging in there. Thanks for asking.
Uh, I’m going to draw you a soothing bath. Where’s your bath thermometer?
Fine. Then I’m going to draw you a nerve-wracking bath of indeterminate temperature.
Amy, would you be strong enough to bathe yourself, or do you need my help?
I’m surprised to hear that. See, the other day, I was concerned that you weren’t recovering, so while you were sleeping, I took a cheek swab and had it cultured in the lab.
I got the results back. Have you developed any of the following symptoms? A growing nose, or perhaps a warm sensation in the trouser region? Also known as full-blown liar, liar, pants on fire.
It hurts that you would lie to me, Amy. I thought our relationship was based on trust and a mutual admiration that skews in my favour.
It pains me to say it, but I think some form of penalty is in order, so as to discourage this type of behaviour in the future.
In a perfect world, I’d lock you in a stockade in the public square. That probably requires a permit.
Oh, that seems overly harsh. I mean, you gave in to a human weakness, you didn’t kill a man. You know, it’s a tad old-school, but my father was not one to spare the rod when my brother would sneak into his truck and drink his driving whiskey.
I don’t want to. But it looks like you left me no choice.
Are you prepared to receive your punishment?
Why?
Very well, then. Get over my knee. Let’s begin.
Excuse me. You’re not supposed to be enjoying this.
Maybe I will.
