If a zombie bites you, you turn into a zombie. However, if a mummy bites you, all you turn into is some schmo with a mummy bite. So, like a zombie, that’s been eaten from the waist down, you, sir, have no leg to stand on.
Oh, thank you.
I’m sorry, 294?
That’s my parking spot.
It doesn’t matter. That’s my spot.
Well, I’m not using my nipples, either. Maybe they should reassign those.
I don’t want another parking space. I want my parking space. It’s perfect. It’s a corner spot, cutting the risk of door-dings in half. It’s a mere 28 steps from the building entrance. The nearby tree provides shade on hot days and is also home to a delightful squirrel. Which is fortuitous because most squirrels are real jerks.
Don’t try to change the subject. This is about a parking space. It has nothing to do with cars.
I always listen to myself. It’s one of the great joys of my life. Now, get your car out of my spot.
Very well. You leave me no choice.
What are you looking at, you stupid squirrel?
President Siebert, listen to reason. Yeah, I understand I don’t use the parking spot, but that’s not the point. I… Yes, I’m aware you told me not to call you at home, but you didn’t answer the door. And I know you were there, because I saw you through the mail slot. Yeah, well, that’s some salty language. May I remind you that you’re the president of a major university, not the president of the Potty Mouth Club. There it is again. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh, well, I’m sorry for your loss. Good night, sir. Unbelievable. He says Wolowitz deserves my spot because he’s a high-profile asset to the university.
Yeah, that was five weeks ago. How much longer is he gonna milk that cow?
No, no, this is a slippery slope, Leonard. It starts with a parking space, where does it end? It’s like my dad always said, first they say you can’t drink and drive, next thing you know, you can’t let your 10-year-old take the wheel while you sleep one off in the backseat.
Leonard, you’re my best friend. Why don’t you ever take my side?
I’m sorry, but could you be more specific?
Oh, that. Well, see, I wanted it, and you weren’t using it. Apparently, those are the rules we live by now. Payback, it truly is the B word, isn’t it?
I’d love to help you out, but unfortunately (puts helmet on), I’m using it.
Go ahead. That’s the only doctorate you’ll ever get. It smells funny in here.
Cookie.
Well, I’m not giving it away. (Enters apartment. Howard is sitting naked in his spot with a laptop on his lap)
He’s in my spot. Leonard, make him stop being naked in my spot.
Get off there.
Give me back my parking space.
You don’t need an Iron Man helmet. You’re not Iron Man.
Keep a lookout. This place is swarming with campus security. They will not hesitate to scold us.
Oh, yeah. Okay, now, pull your car into the spot and let’s get out of here.
Yes, and be sure and put on the emergency brake. Really makes these things tough to budge.
All right, colour me intrigued.
I think you’re high on paint fumes. And boy, that’s a lot of Band-Aids.
Morning, Professor Stevens. Don’t look at that whiteboard. That’s my math, not your math. Keep walking, nosey.
Oh. You said I’m not using my space, so I’m using it.
No, I don’t.
Actually, I have a plastic baggy strapped to my leg that says I can. Give up, Wolowitz. You’ve chosen to tangle with a superior intellect you can’t defeat. There is nothing you could possibly do to… (Howard starts sounding his horn. Sheldon puts on earphones)
Oh, yes, they are. I mean, what?
Your threats are empty, nothing can move me. (Howard starts pushing his chair with the front of the car) Stop that.
No. That’s it. I am calling campus security. You prepare for the scolding of your life.
He’s trying to kill me, Leonard. Video games and rock music have desensitized him to violence.
Oh, preposterous. I have been solely responsible for this university’s six loop quantum gravity calculations, I have changed the way we think about Bose-Einstein condensates, and I am also the one who got Nutter Butters in the cafeteria vending machine. Maybe you missed that news while you were floating around like a goof in outer space. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.
Hey, sweet ride.
Just breaking in your new car.
You know what they say? Revenge is a dish best served nude.
Oh, of course, come in. (Raj opens door to reveal Howard) This is an authentic Chinese throwing star, and I must warn you, I have seen many people throw them in movies.
Well, Howard, thank you. It’s quite a gesture on your part. You’ve shown yourself to be the bigger man.
Which I find totally unacceptable. I must be the bigger man. Therefore, you may use my spot until such time as I learn to drive or get a Batmobile.
There is nothing to say. Except I’m the bigger man. I’m not kidding. Say it.
Oh, stop. And I believe this is yours. FYI, if you wear that into a bank, they will tackle you to the ground.
To burying the hatchet.
Yes. According to information I gleaned from Yelp, you had great success when a santeriasuzy37 brought you a pair of leather slacks stained with chicken blood. I believe I may have a similar problem. This cushion experienced a nude revenge wiggle.
A naked man sat on it. Now, here’s my concern, his diet is rich in fatty deli meats. What test do you have to detect lipid residue?
Lipid residue. An anal autograph. A colon calling card, if you will.
Don’t rush it. We may be dealing with befoulment on a molecular level.
Is that your son?
Looks like that laptop’s seen better days. If you’re interested, I’m selling this. It’s only two years old, 16 gigabytes of RAM, Intel core i7 processor, and I can personally guarantee it has spent less than 20 minutes resting on an astronaut’s penis.
