The Next Generation, and the only guy I know lucky enough to be immortalized in one sixteenth scale. Set phasers to fun for my friend, Wil Wheaton.
What’s wrong?
My friend, Wil Wheaton.
So, Wil, what do you have for us first?
It’s true. In 1982, Wil played the voice of Martin the mouse in The Secret of NIMH. You moved me.
So, Wil, what do you have for us first?
Oh, none that I could see. I saw a man who loved flags almost as much as I do. I got goose bumps.
Really? He reminded me of a young William Shatner.
Well, you’re my girlfriend and I don’t want you to be upset. Then again, Wil Wheaton’s my friend and I don’t want him to be upset. Hmm, this is a sticky wicket. (To Wil) What do you think?
I’ll be right back. Feel free to play with yourself.
Amy, I can’t just ask Wil Wheaton to leave. He’s a minor celebrity. Once you explain who he is, many people recognize him.
Could you? That would solve everything. You are the best. I’ll see you at dinner tonight?
Come to think of it, I would! You, little lady, are on fire.
I was out raising heck with Mr. Wil Wheaton. Four hours more and we would have closed down the HomeTown Buffet.
Yeah, I did, but then Wil called Amy a pain in the A-S-S. She got huffy and left, then Wil and I headed out to dinner. That place really did remind me of my hometown. Because there we also have a HomeTown Buffet.
Yes, quite the kerfuffle.
Walked right out the door.
Enjoyed a delightful dinner at a reasonable price. The manager recognized Wil and let us sit right next to the frozen yoghurt machine. Right next to it. I was closer to it than I am to you right now.
Why’s that?
You’re just repeating what I said. It’s like living with a lactose-intolerant parrot.
Fine. It’s a shame you didn’t go to dinner with us, because the buffet you’re about to enjoy only serves humble pie, a dessert much less tasty than frozen yoghurt. I was this close.
You’ll appreciate this. Leonard has some ridiculous notion that you’re mad at me. Tell him you’re not mad at me. Go ahead, set him straight.
Hmm. Eat one of your Luna bars. Very often when women think they’re angry, they’re really just hungry.
Precisely, I didn’t do anything. Now does someone feel like checking her emotional math?
Wow, Amy’s mad and Leonard was right. What a weird day.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Angry Amy.
I’ve been thinking about what happened, and I hope this gift will make things better.
First of all, you’re welcome. And furthermore, not being familiar with Wil Wheaton’s body of work, there was no way for you to know you were being rude to a national treasure. Get ready for 130 hours of I told you so. (She hands him back the DVDs and slams the door) Fine. I’ll just tell you what happens. Episode one, Encounter at Farpoint. Fade in. The new Enterprise heads out on its maiden voyage to contact the Bandi people of Deneb IV. Enter Wesley Crusher, played by my buddy… (Amy opens door, grabs DVDs, slams door again) She’s hooked.
Penny, if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to have a conversation about girls.
Penny, please, I’m on the horns of a relationship dilemma. And for the record, I had a full pubis of hair by the time I was 19.
Well, it’s been a rough day. I usually go chamomile tea, but I don’t think that’s going to cut it.
Will that calm my nerves?
Sold.
The trouble isn’t with me, Penny, it’s with your gender. Someday, scientists will discover that second X chromosome contains nothing but nonsense and twaddle.
It’s a Band-Aid at best. See, the core problem is that Amy and Wil do not like each other. Which is baffling because they’re both crazy about me. And I like them, which indicates they’re bright and interesting and/or were on Star Trek.
Not true. Leonard made me like you. And let me tell you, that was a hard row to hoe. Cheers, pal. Ooh. Boy, that is a treat that’s hard to beat. Get the Mad Hatter on the horn, I’m having a tea party.
I drink tea all the time. I think I know what I’m doing.
My problem is I’m out of tea.
Penny, please, I think I’ve evolved beyond my simple rustic upbringing.
On the other hand, that low-down polecat done wronged my woman.
Amy deserves better. You know, when we buy the Planter’s deluxe mix, she eats all the Brazil nuts so I don’t have to look at them. She’s a unique blend of saint and squirrel.
I’m a callous egomaniac. She’s gonna leave me.
No, she won’t. I’m great.
(Knock, knock, knock) Wil Wheaton! (Knock, knock, knock) Wil Wheaton! Wait, how many was that?
Wouldn’t you like to know?
Just tea. S’the best tea I’ve ever had.
I’ll tell you. I’m from Texas. Need I say more?
You insulted my woman. I’m here to defend her honour. Two! It was two. (Knock, knock, knock) Wil Wheaton! Now prepare yourself for what may come.
My fists are not up here because I’m milking a giant invisible cow. They’re up to beat an apology out of you.
Well, that was a long bus ride for not very much.
You’re asking a lot of questions, Wil Wheaton. As a matter of idle curiosity, which of your shrubberies do you feel would benefit from a thorough vomiting? Never mind, I’ll choose. (Vomits) You were so good in Stand by Me.
Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. Get ready for a very special episode where we explore the flags of the popular entertainment franchise, Star Trek. And to help us, I’m pleased to introduce a special guest, surprisingly, it only took gas money and the promise of free food to get him here, Mr. LeVar Burton.
I don’t know what she’s talking about, but I’m obligated to agree with her. She’s my girlfriend.
