Paradigm-shifting news, gentlemen. (Switches game off)
Earlier today, I invited Professor Stephen Hawking to join me in the popular online game Words with Friends. Moments ago, he accepted my request. Do you understand what that means?
I’ll walk you through it. The game is not called Words with Strangers. No, it’s not even called Words with Acquaintances. It is called Words with…
Friends! It’s Words with Friends! Which Stephen Hawking and I officially are. Now all I need is a bunk bed with a slide, I’ll have everything I’ve ever wanted since I was six years old.
And I’m happy for you, too. You are now friends with someone who is officially friends with Stephen Hawking. Enjoy it, boys. You may have peaked.
And if they ever come out with a game called Words with People You Once Worked With, you’ll be off to the races.
Hold that thought! Professor Hawking has made a move. Boy, oh, boy. Oh, it’s only a matter of time before we’re coming up with fun nicknames for each other. I’ll be Coop. He’ll be Wheels. If he’s okay with that. (Leaves)
Yes. I play the word quiver with a triple letter and a double word score for 72 points. That ought to let the air out of your tyres, Hawking.
It is glorious. One of the greatest intellects of our time has agreed to engage with me in a gentlemanly battle of wits. And I’m spanking him so hard his grad students won’t be able to sit down.
What’s your point?
Ooh, my friend Stephen just played the word act for 18 points. That’s right, I call him Stephen now, because I checked, and he was not okay with Wheels.
Amy. Why would you give me a word? Now, if I play extract it would be cheating.
Although, I could play the completely unrelated and better word extract (pronounced with emphasis on ex). Ethical conundrum avoided. Thanks, brain.
It’s been three days. Why hasn’t Stephen Hawking played a word?
Not challenging? I was humiliating the man. I was thinking of writing a book called A Brief History of the Time I Made Stephen Hawking Cry Like a Little Girl.
Really?
Good Lord, what have I done?
Play. Play. Play. Play. Play.
Trying to use a Jedi mind trick to control Stephen Hawking. Play. Play. Ugh! He must be wearing a tinfoil hat or something.
Does it affect me?
Then suffer in silence. Play. Play. Play. (Knock knock knock) Stephen Hawking. (Knock knock knock) Stephen Hawking. (Knock knock knock) Stephen Hawking.
Stephen Hawking hates me.
I was beating him so bad, he doesn’t want to be friends anymore. Why does everyone love me except Stephen Hawking?
How would I know? I’m not listening to you.
I humiliated Stephen Hawking in a game of Words with Friends. He stopped playing, and now we’re not friends anymore.
Hmm. Beats me. Now, I know Hawking’s not busy because I can see he’s playing other people right now.
Wolowitz told me he’s a big baby. But I didn’t know that, and I played extract for 82 points. It’s all Amy’s fault. She told me to play it. I have got to cut her loose.
Yeah, I hear you, brother.
Fine. Women, huh?
Blonde women, huh?
It sucks to be you.
Leonard, wait. No. I listened to your dumb thing. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back.
Oh, of course, it only works on the weak-minded.
No. It would appear as if I’ve lost him. Stupid brain.
How can it be okay? Stephen Hawking’s a genius and he talks like a robot. It’s everything I’ve ever wanted in a friend.
You’re right. I guess I just have to make lemonade out of the two of you. He played! He played! Coop and Rolling Thunder are together again. He was okay with that nickname.
Yeah, way ahead of you. I will play the word at for two measly points, throwing the game and thus securing my friendship with the smartest man in the world.
I can’t. Losing on purpose is intellectually dishonest.
Oh, but I want to be Hawking’s friend.
Oh, but if I do, I’ll be a phony, a sellout, a Hollywood poser.
I won’t. This feels right. My mother always said, to thine own self be true.
‘Course she also told me that every animal in the world got on one boat, so what does she know? And send.
She sounds exactly like you.
It’s Stephen Hawking.
Professor Hawking, how nice of you to call.
Oh, me, too.
Yes, congratulations. You won fair and square. Uh, very impressive, sir.
Oh, I love brain teasers.
