Oh, you shouldn’t have.
No, you really shouldn’t have. I brought my own.
Well, now don’t you feel silly.
Howard, did you want your clothes arranged seasonally or by colour?
Wrong, they’ll be arranged seasonally.
Yeah, and some thanks I got. The assistant manager chased me out with an artisanal salami.
Oh, five more minutes.
How come I never get to do anything I want to do?
Please, Leonard, he said it’s okay.
Howard, I have a few questions. I found three bowling pins. Now, do you juggle these, or are you missing seven?
You health nuts kill me.
Uh, just a couple more items. Howard, I found this letter from your dad in a box. Now, based on the content, it could either be filed…
Well, I had to find out if it was personal correspondence or memorabilia. Now, as I was saying, based on the content…
Wait, can I bring this box of extra shirt buttons to sort on the ride?
Thanks. Oh. Great party.
Bleuch. Like cleaning out the entire building’s belly button.
Oh, hello. What can I do for you ladies?
Oh, dear. My mother warned me this is what happens to pretty boys in the big city.
Oh. Oh, I’ve got that in spades. Ravage me.
I did.
I can’t tell you that. I’m bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality.
Well, neither is the rule that you have to hold your girlfriend’s hand at the movies. You know. That doesn’t stop you from pawing at me like you’re a bear and I’m a trash can full of sweets.
Control over the information contained in that letter belongs to Howard. By happenstance, I came to know it. That doesn’t give me the right to disseminate it freely.
Are you pointing out that California is a community property state, and since Howard and Bernadette are married, the intellectual property contained in that letter is jointly owned by the two spouses?
Well played. Sometimes I don’t give you enough credit, Penny.
Oh, Leonard. If I was prone to sarcasm, I’d say I was pulling off a major heist at the museum of laundry baskets.
Oh. Yeah, well, I was waylaid by Penny, Bernadette and Amy. They made me reveal confidential information about Howard’s father.
I can’t tell you that. I am bound by closet organizer/organizee confidentiality.
Sorry, badgering me won’t work. What you should have said is, It’s pointless to keep this a secret because Penny will tell us.
All right, I’ll tell you. My goodness, everyone’s on their game today.
My shirt is itchy and I wish I were dead.
If I say yes, can we turn off that Latin orgy music?
Yes, it’s six against one. Stand down, sir.
I panicked. He looked taller than usual.
It’s simple, really. It occurred to me that knowing and not knowing can be achieved by creating a macroscopic example of quantum superposition. The, the principle that a physical system exists partially in all its possible states at once.
Anyway, um, I realized that if we each present you with an account of what your father wrote to you, only one of which is true, and then we don’t tell you which one it is, you will forever be in a state of epistemic ambivalence.
It was a map leading to the lost treasure of famous pirate One-Eyed Willy.
Don’t.
Or that’s complete poppycock which Amy made up. It still could be the map.
I would like to change mine. The pirate’s name was Peg-Leg Antoine. Now it’s completely different from Goonies.
Don’t.
You know, surprisingly, uh, the letter from your father wasn’t the most interesting thing I read in the closet. Bernadette’s diary has some saucy passages.
There’s nothing to worry about. Your secret’s safe with me.
Although copyright law would allow me to quote snippets in the context of a review.
Uh, Penny, I, I have a couple of questions about your closet. Is there any reason you’re keeping this dead goldfish?
Well, now, did you also have a dog? Because I found what appears to be a battery-operated chew toy.
