Everything is stupid and I want to go home.
Hey, it’s not even called the Genius Grant, it’s the MacArthur Fellowship. Just like it’s not Frankenstein, it’s Frankenstein’s Monster. Which brings us back to that hulking simpleton over there. And if anyone’s a genius, it’s me for the way I brought that full circle.
Oh, good, maybe he can build a nicer bridge to live under.
I know how to behave.
Someone call George R. R. Martin, this guy knows how to finish a story.
Some genius. I zinged him with sarcasm, he didn’t even notice.
Well, aren’t you a peach.
Who leaves their bike in the hallway? You know, if I knew how to ride one, I’d steal it.
Who listens to the radio any more?
You used to make those jokes about me. Now everything is Bert, Bert, Bert.
You want me to read a geology paper?
Yeh, why? Eh, why? Oh, that’s why.
I hope you’re happy making me read this. Bert’s work is remarkable, and I’m more upset than ever. This is worse than when I had to admit that Cedric the Entertainer’s actually entertaining.
Yeah, well I am angry. And you telling me not to be angry makes me angry. And do you know how hearing myself say the word angry over and over makes me feel?
That’s a good idea. I guess everyone’s having them now.
Fine. You can walk ahead of me and scare off the pigeons.
I admire you, Leonard.
You’re happy with who you are. You don’t get jealous of other people. Instead of being weighed down by ambition, you just float along like a dead body in a river.
How did you deal with it?
I can’t believe I was surpassed by a geologist. I mean, rocks. He studies rocks. If rock is so great, how come paper beats it? Leonard, I’m having a primal urge to throw this rock.
Perhaps I will. This rock encapsulates all my negative emotions. I will cast you far away. Feel free to take out a pigeon while you’re at it.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow…
I tried to let go of anger and threw a rock into my foot.
Yeah, but you’ve got all those things, and no one’s lining up to be you.
Uh, do you really think calling me names is helpful?
Maybe you’re right.
Thank you, Penny. You know, I just need to keep reminding myself that Bert’s success is not my failure.
And that men of his large stature are more susceptible to a wide array of life-threatening diseases.
Top of the afternoon, gentlemen.
Well, it’s a new day. I have a new outlook. You know, I realized I don’t need to worry about other people. I just need to think more about myself.
Bert did quality research, and he deserves whatever accolades he receives.
Excuse me, I need to pay Bert a proper congratulations.
Bert? I wanted to let you know that I read your research, and your award is well-deserved.
Well, just this once, you can count me as people, too.
Really? I didn’t know that.
You know, I’m not sure. You know, you’d have to ask him. Excuse me. (Off) Aah. Leonard, I hurt myself again.
No, I went to punch the water fountain, slipped in water in front of the water fountain, and hit my head on the water fountain.
I’m so disappointed in myself. Jealousy is completely illogical.
Sorry I’m moving slowly.
Oh, no. A plaque? Nobody wants to see this.
I can’t take this any more. (Knock, knock, knock) Bert. (Knock, knock, knock) Bert. (Knock, knock, knock) Bert.
All right, let’s do this, Bert? We need to talk.
Rock, rock, water fountain. I am not proud of this, but I have been envious of your recent success.
I was hoping by admitting my weakness to you, I’d somehow be unburdened.
No. Now that you know my weakness, I hate you more than ever.
We, hang on, you’re my enemy. Now, the enemy of the enemy is my friend. And right now, I’m my own worst enemy. That makes you my friend. Okay, I’m good to go.
You know what? This isn’t gonna work.
Yes, that’s right. I have Amy. In the past, you’ve professed feelings for her. Does it eat you up inside that I have her and you don’t?
I didn’t punch him. He turned around, and I gave him a Captain Kirk karate chop. I’m not even sure he knows I did it.
Professor Hawking.
Thanks, Leonard, now he’s not gonna think I’m cool.
How do you deal with the success of your colleagues?
I can’t. Thank you, Professor Hawking. You are a gift to mankind. There should be statues of you everywhere. You know, the Lincoln Memorial has a big chair. We could swap you right in.
What a wonderful idea, how does this man not have a Nobel?
Do people know about her? ‘Cause she’s delightful.
