Okay, one second.
I’m trying to shoot.
What happened to me? I used to excel at these things.
Well, I don’t like it.
No, but it’s not just video games. I downloaded the new O.S. for my phone, took me a week to stop accidentally texting kissy faces to everyone.
I guess I just need to face it, I’m no longer a wunderkind. Now I just wonder what’s for lunch.
Yay.
I’ve been thinking about our recent humiliation.
At the hands of those teenagers.
Boy teenagers.
I started doing some reading on cognitive vitality, and I came across an area of research called super-aging.
The theory is that if you really tax your brain, the neurofibers will become thicker and the glial cells more lustrous.
Well, it’s not just doing simple cognitive tasks. You need to push your brain out of its comfort zone and reach mental exhaustion.
Jab mein aat saal ka tha maine seekha tha. (I did that when I was eight)
Hey.
Raj is teaching me to make croissants.
Yes. Yeah, it seemed daunting at first, but then I realized, it’s like the chemistry set I had as a kid. Only, when your brother eats this, no one has to call Poison Control.
Yes, it is delicious. Physicist, baker, lover, what can’t I do?
For the last time, I am not having a tickle fight with you.
You’re just using food to mask the fear that you’re fundamentally unlovable and therefore going to be alone forever.
It really doesn’t matter, as long as it’s challenging.
Howard, I’m trying to make myself uncomfortable, not everyone else.
Okay, I think I got that.
Okay. Just to be on the safe side, am I in any danger of getting juggler’s elbow?
Are you sure? ‘Cause I’m feeling a twinge.
Amy, look, I’m on a unicycle!
I hurt myself juggling.
Howard said I could borrow it, Bernadette said forever.
What, are you crazy? I’m on a unicycle.
Wait, I need help getting down.
Drag out our mattress and put it over here, then go across the hall, get their mattress and put it over here. But before you do any of that, scratch my nose.
I’m returning this stuff to Howard.
Oh, I stopped that, it was dumb. Uni, bi, tri, menstrual, all cycles are dumb.
Well, it is. If I wanted to hold three things at once, I’d wear cargo pants.
Are you calling me a quitter?
This conversation is over.
Thank you.
It’s okay, I stopped being upset about that. And no, the irony is not lost on me.
This article says the peak age for making a Nobel Prize-winning discovery is 40.
So I’m running out of time.
Oh, you have to say that, you’re sweet on me.
Hey, I thought you were sweet on me.
You’re so cute. I’m gonna go learn how to walk on stilts.
I’m doing it. I’m doing it. I’m tall and I’m doing it. (Waking up in bed) Ah, man.
