Will you two please inform Amy how much you enjoy adhering to a strict bathroom schedule?
I can if you’d just roll over and accept your fate.
Oh, look who’s in favour of compromise, the woman who married Leonard Hofstadter.
Well I’m open to that.
I think we should see other people.
Well, as a male, I have an evolutionary drive to perpetuate my DNA. Restricting myself to a single partner is against my nature.
Don’t blame me. Blame your pal, biology. He’s the pervert pulling the strings here.
You know, people are quick to accuse me of being difficult to live with, but the truth is, Amy is just as challenging.
Yes.
Yes.
When we’re sleeping, she breathes on me. One night, it got so bad I almost grabbed Toto
She’s always complaining about people at work.
Do you know that when I get out of the shower, she eyes me up and down like I’m a piece of meat?
I know. Sometimes I would just like to be appreciated for my mind.
Have you noticed it’s always an A-flat?
If we’re just going to drive around aimlessly, the least you could do is take me for ice cream.
Well, see, why can’t Amy be that subservient? She has coitus one time, suddenly she’s Gloria Steinem. Anyway, I suppose an ice cream parlour will be a good place to meet other women.
Being with Amy has awoken the sexual creature within. When I see a pretty gal walking down the street, I think, hubba hubba, like any other guy.
No. No, if we both like it, I’ll spend the rest of my life opening the freezer and going, aw, no strawberry.
Hmm? Well, she spends her whole day scooping. One arm’s probably bigger than the other.
You are truly wise.
I’d say wise beyond your years, but you’re getting up there.
Penny, I am going to tell you a story that I’ve never told anyone.
I was 13 years old, and on spring break from college.
I came home early because they ran out of math to teach me.
My mother was at bible study. I walked in the house expecting to find it empty, and I heard a sound coming from my parents’ bedroom. When I opened the door, I saw my father having relations with another woman.
I know. It’s also why I never open a door without knocking three times. I mean, the first
We locked eyes, I ran to my room, and we never, ever spoke of it.
Since Amy and I have been living together, we’ve been bickering like my parents used to.
Yes. I need to prepare her now to save her from pain down the road.
Well, anything can sound silly when you put it in that tone.
I’m sure you’re right. I suppose I should apologize to you, as well.
That must have hurt watching me look for other women without ever even considering you. Please understand that I think of you as more of a nanny.
Hello.
I wanted to apologize for my behaviour today. It, it was unnecessary. This is warm. Oh, and also, I am willing to forego the bathroom schedule.
Amy, you should know I was never really interested in seeing other women. And to prove how serious I am about us, I’m willing to take our relationship to the next level.
Amy Farrah Fowler, will you share this toothbrush holder with me?
