Hello.
Oh, you know., the lone star state. Hmm. That should be its Yelp rating.
Yeah. It is good to be home. Oh, good lord, is that mistletoe? Don’t you maniacs own a calendar?
It was fine. Other than the weird-tasting juice Amy gave me, I slept the whole way.
Well, we were on our way to my mother’s house…
How did we get in the car?
Do we have to? I really don’t want to hear the religious lecture.
There’s always one. She gave it to my sister about her boyfriend, my brother about his girlfriend, my father about his girlfriend. That one had some un-Christian words in it.
Eh, I don’t know. I am her precious little boy. And you did take my flower.
Anyway…
Given that your hands prepared it, isn’t that a little self-serving?
Welcome to Texas.
Oh, wait, wait, shouldn’t we just eat? You know, I mean, God did take time out of his busy schedule to bless these Sloppy Joes.
All right. This is on you. Amy and I are living together in sin, like a couple of New Yorkers. Now, while you scold us, I’m going to get a knife and a fork. Joe may be sloppy, but Sheldon’s not.
What? Wh, where’s the judgment? Wh, where’s the fire and brimstone? Where’s the part where you tell us we’re going to Hell and I say have you seen the size of the bugs outside? We’re already there.
And what special circumstances are those?
What, so you thought I was going to be alone for the rest of my life?
Well, this is highly insulting.
I’m the child she was worried about? I have a brother and sister whose combined intellectual wattage couldn’t power a potato clock, if I spotted them the potato.
Well, I was in my room, I couldn’t hear what they were saying.
Just being the unsocialised eccentric my mother always thought I was.
Yeah. And I don’t understand why you’re taking her side. By being my girlfriend, she’s saying you’re a weirdo, too.
And?
Can you believe my mother thinks we’re both strange?
Well, first we buttered my feet to get the swim fins off, and then we went out.
You’re right. I have Leonard and Howard and Raj, Stuart, Penny, Leonard’s mom, Bernadette, Wil Wheaton…
I was going chronologically. You’re right between Koothrappali’s father and Omar, the one-eyed Sparkletts guy.
I knew we should’ve never mentioned us living together in the first place.
Disagree. We’ve known about evolution since 1859, she still believes in Noah and his amazing zoo boat. This could have all been avoided if you’d only listened to me.
Why would you do that?
You managed the situation?
So my mother thought I was incapable of finding a mate, and my mate thinks I’m incapable of running my own life.
I have gotten much better at that.
What? How should I know? Excited? Itchy? Give me the first letter.
How would you feel if I contacted your mother behind your back?
Delighted? What., not if I guessed for a hundred years.
Yeah. Here. I’ll catch you up.
How did we get in the car?
I was acting odd intentionally.
Well, there’s really not much left to tell. I decided that my mother views me as a child because I never went through a rebellious phase, so, I got an earring. (Flashback to Sheldon screaming.) My mother made me take it out. (Flashback to Sheldon screaming.) Amy put alcohol on it. (Flashback to Sheldon screaming.) And here we are.
I don’t understand what’s wrong with socks.
So Bernadette, if I express interest in your baby will you promise not to make me touch it?
Hey, how’s life with your baby?
To this day I’ve never touched Stuart.
Wait, so how does the story end? Is the baby a jerk or is Bernadette a bad mother?
What? Is there another twist coming? Is the baby not theirs at all?
It says here that up to 80% of new mothers experience baby blues. And that the best thing to do is reassure them that they’re doing a good job. Bernadette, you are doing a good job.
Thank you, Internet. I’m telling you, with the right YouTube video, I can give Howard a vasectomy.
Oh. A small human wreaks havoc on his wife’s genitals and he gets time off.
