Oh, actually, I would.
Let’s take every single thing from the other apartment and put it in here.
You know, I have always thought that this couch would look fantastic on the curb in front of the building.
You know, I wonder how she feels about all this artwork.
It truly does capture the beauty of your friendship with Penny.
Yeah, it seems only right that she have it back.
Look, it’s the same smile she has in the painting.
Yeah, there’s hooks in the closet, I can hang it right now.
What happened to them?
You know, Leonard, the more I think about it, there are a number of mutually owned items in this apartment that you and I should go through. Uh, for example, who gets our beloved sword, Longclaw?
That seems fair, we did just give you the painting.
Wonderful, Longclaw is mine. And how about you keep our avocado plant?
Although, Amy and I did just move in together, and a plant is a lovely housewarming gift.
Oh, we got a sword and a plant, our apartment’s really shaping up.
Oh. Remember when we got this at Comic-Con?
It’s one of a kind.
Well, Leonard, you know, who should keep this? On the one hand, I love Mr. Spock more than you do. On the other hand, I care more about clocks than you do.
I’ll be right across the hall. You’ll probably be able to hear it.
Thank you.
Oh, now, what about our 3-D chess set?
Well, no, I just didn’t think you’d want a physical reminder of a game you never managed to win. As a kindness, I should probably take all the games.
Are you sure? These items represent our shared times together.
For a man so good at predicting my moves, how come you stink at 3-D chess?
It’s not my fault I’m bad at sharing, I skipped kindergarten.
Yeah, take whatever you want.
But you don’t even like flags.
But I designed it.
But you don’t even understand its symbolism.
Come along, Amy. I know when I’m not wanted.
Well, powder me in sugar and call me a doughnut, if it isn’t Leonard Hofstadter.
If it’s like your 3-D chess game, then you’re out of your length, width and depth. Amy, get the Neosporin, somebody just got burned.
All right, I tried. That should be the title of your autobiography. Ooh, a second-degree burn.
It’s a good thing you’re cute.
What do you think you’re doing?
This is the level you’re stooping to.
So, there are fresh linens on the bed and, oh, well, now, I see you’ve met Theodore. Theodore, these are your new room mates, Leonard and Penny. They’re very honest, but I would not leave cash lying around.
My room is paid up until the end of the month, so I can do with it whatever I please, which includes renting it out for a dollar a night.
Anyway, I’ll leave you be. I have to, oh, oh, he’s expecting a newspaper in the morning. Apparently, they still make them.
That’s true, but had I done something under the line, there wouldn’t be a man in your kitchen who can’t produce a single form of ID.
And now you know as much about him as I do.
Will you keep it down? What kind of vengeful bed and breakfast do you think I’m running?
I’m being awful? You’re the one who went out of your way to hurt me.
Dividing our belongings is difficult.
I have to admit, leaving you to move in with Amy has been harder than I thought it would be.
Leonard, I would like us to stop fighting about our possessions.
In fact, I want you to keep the apartment flag, and I’m not just saying that because it touched your genitals.
I do. And to show you that there are no hard feelings, I am willing to rub my genitals on it as well.
