Uh-huh. Interesting. Okay.
Let me put it this way, do you own a barrel and suspenders?
I’m not wearing this visor to play women’s golf.
Well, his rent and car lease are exceedingly high. You couple that with his penchant for dining out and shopping.
He also has a remarkable amount of credit card debt.
What emergency happened at the L.A. Zoo?
No, absolutely not. You can’t afford to hire someone who’ll forbid you from spending your money on foolish expenses. That is a foolish expense, and I forbid it.
He sounds like a sociopath.
You’re talking about me. Very funny. Although I would enjoy drawing up a budget and forcing Raj to adhere to it without an ounce of compassion.
Very well. Hey, Comic-Con tickets go on sale this Friday. You can’t buy one.
She’s gonna hate waiting in line for the panels.
She’s gonna hate the panels.
You can always watch the panels online. Oh, boy, we do say that a lot.
You put me in charge of your finances. If you wanted someone weak and spineless you could walk all over, you should have asked Leonard.
Your father may have spoiled you, but I won’t. If you want a ticket to Comic-Con, I suggest you figure out a way to earn the money yourself.
I’m gonna go as Dumbledore.
That’s probably my fault. She may have heard about my cool Dumbledore costume.
If I may speak for Comic-Con, we don’t want that either.
No, but it’s honest, and it sounds like you could use a little more honesty in your relationship.
I’m always honest with Amy. The other day she said she was self-conscious about the beauty mark on her shoulder, and I said, you know, you can call that a beauty mark all you want. When there’s hair growing out of it, that’s a mole.
I should hope so. When she called me an insensitive jerk, I’d like to think she meant it.
Very well. Prepare for a long night of deceit.
I was talking about Leonard. And if make up is so truthful, why is it called concealer?
He doesn’t really want Penny to go to Comic-Con. He’s just doing it to make her happy.
So they’re both trying to make each other happy, and the end result is they make each other sad? That’s hilarious. I can’t wait to tell them.
Why?
Well, if you haven’t noticed, I’ve been between them for the last ten years.
Hello.
Are you listening to this? They deceive each other about everything.
This is an interesting way to stay out of it.
Yeah, well, get this, neither does Penny, that’s why she doesn’t want to go. You set ’em up, I knock ’em down, good job.
Not entirely, the fight over who’s going to drive is still…
Well, with as much debt as you have, probably not next year either.
Hold on. Is it back pay or is it a gift?
When the IRS questions us in separate rooms, we need to have our stories straight.
I’m a big boy, and if I missed one, I’d throw a big-boy tantrum.
Nuts to that, I’m going to Comic-Con.
Not necessarily. I have four months to find some new friends.
That’s very kind of you, Stuart. Check back in with me in July.
There’s my pretty girlfriend.
What? Can’t a man just be happy to see his woman and pat her on her second most erogenous ball-and-socket joint?
Well, maybe what’s in my pants will change your mind. It’s a list of this year’s panelists. It’s long, isn’t it?
