How are you settling in?
Now, I’ve learned some fun facts about New Jersey to help you make small talk. Would you like to know the state bird or the murder rate? They’re both shocking.
Well, I’m a lot less likely to see an Eastern Goldfinch or be murdered, I’ll tell you that.
I miss you, too.
I’m sorry you had to go through that.
You know you just split an infinitive.
I am. It is naughty to put an adverb between the word to and the verb stem.
I’m going to admonish you.
That’s the only kind of admonishing I do.
Gentlemen. You may remember Dr. Nowitzki, She’s back at Caltech for her postdoc.
Oh, thanks. Dr. Nowitzki’s going to tell me about the work she did at CERN. And she brought me this duty-free Toblerone.
Let’s sit somewhere else.
So, tell me about your scalar dark energy experiment.
Oh. You must be one of those dessert before dinner people.
And get this, I saw an articulating ladder with dual-leg leveling, which delivers stability and adaptability to uneven terrain.
Yeah. Raj made the funniest joke, he said, which is the best ladder to use to hang myself?
Oh, not at all. I’ve had outings with Leonard and Raj in the evening, and, oh, I had lunch
Oh, Dr. Nowitzki is a woman.
Many years ago. Back when she was a grad student. She’s always been a huge fan of my work, and now she’s doing research at Caltech.
Yes. I think you’d like her. She’s extremely intelligent, just like you. Unlike you, she’s tall, blonde and used to be an Olympic swimmer.
Hey, everybody. This is my friend, Dr. Nowitzki.
We just went swimming.
I was scared, but I told myself it’s just a big bathtub. Then I got scared again ’cause there are all these strangers in my bathtub.
Well, I was hiding from a bee, but it still counts.
Yes, we skyped this morning and I’m sure I’ll check in with her before I go to sleep.
That is true. She keeps asking how long Amy’s going to be gone.
Leonard, your wife is sitting right here. What are you doing?
She was part of the American team at CERN.
Do you know, I’ve corresponded with Peter Higgs. Would you like to see some of his letters?
I’ll get them.
Oh, fun. Like a play date.
Here you go.
Hmm? Oh, no, no, no. They’re from many famous people. See? Oh, like this one. This is from Patrick Stewart. It says if I come to his house again, I get to meet his dogs. Oh, excuse me.
Oh, hello, Amy.
I miss you, too. Hey, this is good timing. Remember that Dr. Nowitzki I told you about? She’s right here.
What is Leonard doing calling you at this hour?
I must tell you, that seems a little inappropriate. Don’t you agree?
See? We both think so.
Hey, I hate to break up the party, but Amy says I’m tired and have to go to bed.
Of course.
That was fun. It was like Mario Kart.
Bye.
What? Is this about Leonard and Amy? I don’t like it either.
That doesn’t make any sense. She knows I have a girlfriend.
That may be true, but Dr. Nowitzki’s just a friend. In fact, I wouldn’t have even noticed she’s a woman if she hadn’t worn that bathing suit that highlighted her bosom.
I already do.
Because there’s only one of me, I’m more valuable.
Although, Amy’s already taken me out of my package and played with me.
Penny, look. I appreciate your concern, but I don’t think that’s what’s happening.
I think Dr. Nowitzki is a friendly colleague. I think you and Leonard need to see a marriage counsellor. And I need to update my résumé to include swimming as a special skill.
Uh, breakfast yes, lunch no. I did have a cough drop, but that really rides the line between sucking and eating.
How thoughtful. Thank you.
And I with you. Question, are you seeking a romantic relationship with me?
Well, that would raise a number of problems. We’re colleagues. I’m currently in a relation… Excuse me a moment.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Will you marry me?
