Things have been going really well with the infinite resistance gyroscope.
Oh, the project is classified. I can’t tell you. Oh, I suppose I could redact the classified parts. All right, um, I came up with an elegant solution to the (honks horn) I used the (honks horn) And then I (honks horn) And that did it. (Car passes honking horn) Wow, I wonder what they’re redacting.
Oh, very well. What have you been working on? And feel free to honk during the boring parts.
So you’re attempting to pinpoint where consciousness resides in the brain.
Well, what do you know? Here I was, waiting to be bored with biology, and instead you tickle my intellectual fancy. Which, unlike my body, is an okay place to tickle.
Gentlemen, the most interesting thing just happened with this spoon.
Yeah, I picked it up without thinking about it. Which raises a neuroscientific question, when did I decide to pick it up?
Amy is studying the time lag between intent and awareness, and I realized that applies to the measurement problem in quantum mechanics. Now, I recognize there will be a time lag between me saying that and you Googling what it means, so I’ll wait.
Well, don’t get me wrong. Neurobiology’s nothing more than the science of gray squishy stuff. But, you know, when it connects to physics, gas up the Ford, Martha, we’re going for a drive.
I was thinking about your experiment on the neuroscience of decision making, and I realized, if we connect it to the measurement problem in quantum mechanics, we have a chance to disprove the role of consciousness in the Copenhagen Interpretation.
It could be the most inspired combination since I mixed red Icee into my blue Icee. It was like drinking two sevenths of the rainbow.
Yeah, and this one won’t stain my teeth purple.
That is a valid point. Perhaps we should establish some ground rules.
All right, let’s start right now. Uh, rule number one, no using sexuality to get your way.
Is it?
I believe I’ve made some progress on our ground rules.
Okay, uh, number one, in matters of physics, I have the final say. In matters of neuroscience, you have the final say. Unless I disagree. Oh, here. Number two, when we publish,
Oh, of course. I’ll get that back. Like all my underwear, that notebook says Property of Sheldon Cooper.
I’d write that down, but I can’t now, can I?
Thank you, you are a good citizen. Told you. Go ahead, throw my underwear out the window. Same thing’s gonna happen.
Fire away.
That’s smart, because Sheldon 1, Amy 0.
Aw, someone drew a penis in it.
I’m sorry, go ahead.
Ooh, that sounds fun. Now, we’re talking about real treats, right? Not Bible verses like my mother used to give me.
Biology and physics coming together, this is like the peanut butter cup of the mind. Oh, I know what I want my treat to be.
Yes, this is remarkable.
By the way, your name can go first.
Yeah, the math is so inelegant. I’m not even sure it makes sense.
Can you stop breathing so loud? I can hear your nose whistling.
All right, either blow your nose or teach it to play Camptown Races.
No, I can still hear it. Oh, wait, that’s me. Never mind, it’s fine.
Hold on. I see what’s wrong here. We did the propagation only to the occipital lobe, not to the prefrontal cortex.
Oh, that is much better. Yeah, boy, if good ideas came out of your brain the way mucus comes out of your nose, we’d be in good shape.
Just because I am easily bothered by light, heat, sound, smell and the way birds look at me does not mean I’m sensitive.
That is a daring and insightful solution.
What if the fighting is the reason we’re making progress?
Well, if that’s the case, then your grandparents mumble and have bad posture.
It seems we have a choice to make. Abandon all ground rules in the name of science, or give up collaborating for the sake of our relationship.
Science it is.
Name calling, that is perfect. Now, when I get to this equation here, really let me have it. You know? If it helps, I’m not the sharpest dresser.
Can you read them back?
Excellent. Excellent. And on a related point, you’re going down, punk.
I love that one.
Yeah, that list is strong. Like your mother’s urge to be promiscuous with sailors.
