Hello, I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
And welcome to the first on location episode of Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present…
Hit it.
Who haven’t learned their place yet.
Dr. Fowler and I began an experiment in living together after her apartment became water damaged. This is our friend Penny’s place. You may remember her from our episode, Flags and the People Who Don’t Understand Them.
So, let’s roll up our sleevis and get to know Nevis. (Drumroll) Well, I, I like that, but next time check with me.
Buda and Pest united to form Budapest. And that’s why Budapest is the Budabest. Now.
Thank you for your services, gentlemen. Now, I’m hoping to broaden our audience with your youthful rock and roll music.
Yeah, we could get Thai food near your apartment and then drop in and check on the progress.
So?
I am terrified of stepping on a nail and falling into a butt crack.
You know, if you’d like, I could call your landlord and complain.
Oh, I don’t mind, I’m very good at complaining. If it were an Olympic sport, I’d complain about what a stupid sport it is and then I’d take home the gold.
Is it me, or are you purposely changing the subject?
I have a feeling you’re still doing it. But I find that topic irresistible, so, now, in ancient Mesopotamia, the king referred to the people as his property.
I’m concerned about Amy. She’s acting a bit odd lately.
Her behaviour. No, I have the feeling that she’s hiding something.
Well, whatever it is, it’s troubling me. And I can’t eat, I can’t sleep. And don’t even ask about the consistency of my bowel movements.
Why would she keep something from me, you know? I shared my body with that woman. And my Netflix password. They recommended Stella Got Her Groove Back because of her.
I don’t understand.
So, she’s deceiving me in order to spend more time with me?
Oh. Well, I feel both flattered and hurt. Like when people say I look like that skeleton from Nightmare Before Christmas.
Well, I won’t tolerate deception in my relationship. I have no choice but to confront her.
Your Klingon word-of-the-day calendar’s gone.
It’s khoo-vakh.
No, no, he’s over there.
Are you going to confront Penny?
Hmm. You know, perhaps instead of confronting them, we should see how far they’re willing to spin their tangled webs. Like that Spider-Man action figure that used to be on your desk.
Excellent. I’m very hungry. Speaking of which, what’s going on with your apartment?
Interesting. Very interesting.
Wait, uh, you saw her apartment?
Leonard?
jlyajbe’. DaH nep’a’ Penny? (I don’t understand, is Penny lying?)
Why are you speaking English?
Oh, wait, stop that.
Dayaj’a’ (Do you understand them?)
Qu’vatlh (Damn it.)
How could you lie to me?
It’s all right.
Despite recent events, I do consider our experiment in cohabitation to have been positive.
I’m open to the possibility.
Wuh wuh hold on, excuse me, that’s my room.
But that’s my room.
But that’s my room.
But that’s my room.
Hey, I get it. Everybody wants to spend more time with me. I’m like a man made of sugar in a world of ants.
Night. If we did continue living together, would it be here?
Of course there’s, there’s always your apartment.
I hate your apartment.
Well, I suppose we could find a whole new place. You know, and, technically, we don’t even have to stay in Pasadena. We could, we could move to Altadena or a place that doesn’t even end in dena.
But what if we move and we don’t like it? What if there’s a smoker in the building? Or pets? Or there could be mould? There could be traffic noise. I’m gonna have to learn a whole new bus route. Are you trying to soothe me by singing the Star Trek theme as a lullaby?
I’m not a child, don’t do that.
A Space Odyssey? All right, now that’s soothing.
I’m struggling with the thought of leaving my old bedroom.
I need to see it. While I’m gone, don’t breathe on my pillow.
That’s my girl. What on earth? What is going on?
No.
Can we just focus on the decision I’m facing?
Gentlemen, please, this is a significant decision. Now, do Amy and I continue living together? Or do I move back in with Leonard?
Yes.
Yes.
Apparently, figure this out on my own ’cause you guys are no help at all.
Hello.
I’m just contemplating Buridan’s donkey.
What, you’re familiar with the reference?
Exactly.
Thank you.
Really?
Huh. Yeah, I wonder if that’s related to the 12th century Persian philosopher, Al-Ghazali and his story of a man caught between two dates.
Al-Ghazali was anti-Aristotelian? Boy, you think you know a guy.
