Amy? Wake up.
It’s midnight. Happy birthday.
This is for you. I was going to wrap it, but touching Scotch tape gives me the heebie-jeebies.
A functional MRI of my brain. I did Sudoku before they took it so I’d be ripped.
And it’s not just an MRI. The orbitofrontal cortex is lit up because I was thinking of you.
We seem to be moving on to the annual coitus portion of your birthday festivities.
I didn’t put on my come-hither plaid PJ’s for nothing.
Yeah. I’m afraid so. Childbirth, looming coitus? This is a banner night for female genitals.
Wolowitz might hand out cigars. I had to find my bubble gum cigar so I could join in without looking foolish.
I’m starting to rethink the Flash onesie I bought this kid.
It doesn’t matter what I want. It’s your birthday, you decide.
That’s a bit childish, isn’t it?
Grape. I find it the most mild.
Well, I believe we were kissing like randy teenagers, and your nose was whistling ever so slightly.
Oh, don’t be. You were like a foxy tea kettle.
Very well.
I’m not sure. Earlier tonight, things began organically, and now it’s feeling forced, like all the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels.
Oh, I know, but just, Leonard and Penny think we’re doing it, and I don’t want to disappoint them.
No, and also, I don’t want to disappoint you. I, you know, come on, it’s your birthday. I can soldier through this.
Intriguing. Is back on track a hint that it has something to do with trains?
Because if it did have to do with trains, and you were gonna give…
Not even a cozy sleeper car on the Orient Express?
Who’s killing the mood now?
Can I look yet?
Wowza.
What, a Gryffindor sleeping with a Hufflepuff? How scandalous. You naughty girl, you went to the Wizarding World theme park without me.
Yes, you’re in trouble, you went to Wizarding World without me.
You know I’ve been wanting to go.
Oh, you’re right. I’m sorry.
Five minutes? We must be doing it wrong. It took us hours.
She’s right. You know, I just learned Amy went to a theme park without me, but I’m not going to ruin her birthday. I’ll wait, and ruin 24 individual hours sprinkled throughout the year. Boop.
But if my mom asks, we have bunk beds.
I was not thinking it. Although, now that you point it out, it is undeniable.
Raj, show some compassion. Those are things that we think but don’t say.
Oh, speaking of personal growth, I recently tried eating Swiss chard. You know, I didn’t swallow it, but Amy said it counted.
Some will be successful, some may be homeless. It’s fun to think about.
It was. Bernadette had her baby, I made it to Wizarding World, and now it is time to complete your birthday celebration. Hankius pankius.
Amy, I just saw a magic train and reported somebody for cutting the line. If that’s not foreplay, I don’t know what is.
