All right, we’re about to go live, everyone on their A-game, good energy. Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
And welcome to a special retrospective, where we will take a look back at the history of Fun with Flags on an episode we’re calling…
Mind you, when we say behind the flags, we don’t literally mean these flags. That’s just where we have dinner.
So let’s hear from some people who were there at the very start. How, Howard, flashback sounds.
Just roll the clip. (On voiceover) So tell us in your own words about that magical moment when Fun with Flags was born.
Sure you do. I was telling you both the story about how Haiti and Lichtenstein discovered they had the same flag. It was at the Summer Olympics of 1936, and two plucky nations…
Oh, and do you remember what you said?
And that’s exactly what I did. I found a lot of someones.
And now we’re going to turn it over to you, the viewers, to call in and share your favourite Fun with Flags moments.
Hello, Bert. What is your flag-related comment or query?
Bert, you’re tying up the line. My apologies to all of you trying to call in with legitimate flag comments.
Where’s Howard?
Oh, let’s take advantage of his absence and tell the kinds of jokes only physicists get. I’ll go first. Okay, here. Uh, Heisenberg is pulled over by a police officer. And the policeman says, did you know you were going 85 miles per hour? And Heisenberg says, darn it, now I don’t know where I am.
Oh, hello.
Ah-ah-ah, he’s a geologist, and I have more physics jokes.
Yeah, which he rudely announced on my flag show. People were so upset about it no one else called in the rest of the night.
Hold on. We don’t know anything about this woman.
Is she a geologist?
Oh great, see you at seven.
She’s younger and far more attractive than he is. They’re copying you two.
Bert, Rebecca. I’d like to apologize for my insensitive comment earlier.
See? It was fine. I didn’t need a time-out.
You made me sit on the stairs and think about what I did.
What’d you do, delete your photo?
Fine.
Aw, man.
I’d say she’s copying you again, but I’m getting tired of sitting in the hall.
Your first date? Did you even measure her walls?
Who’s ready to laugh?
Okay. So, Feynman, Einstein and Schrodinger walk into a bar. Feynman says, it appears
That’s a good one. Okay, now, Leonard, you tell a joke.
Comments from our Behind the Flags retrospective. Get this, people are calling it the longest one yet.
He’s not wrong. It was your crackpot idea that he deserves love.
You and Leonard don’t have anything in common. Maybe you should break up.
Actually, our friendship group is at capacity. But if anybody drops out, you’re at the top of the list. Unless it’s Raj, in which case, we’ll probably get a person of colour.
So he’s using his money to attract a mate. Is that any different than me using my intelligence to attract Amy? Or Leonard using his power of grovelling to get Penny?
Oh, so many things. Her mind, her kindness, and especially her body.
Hello. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Based on the glowing reception of our recent Behind the Flags retrospective, we thought you might like to see how it all came together.
Ooh, we already have our first call.
