Why are you all smiling like crazy people?
Cohabitation with my girlfriend? That’s a great deal to process.
I don’t know. What if living together kills the romance?
Yeah, but what happens when we each get a peek behind the curtain? I mean, she’s never even seen me unshaven.
Don’t try luring me in with sexy talk.
If you want to lure me in with sexy talk, that’s how you do it.
Not yet. How will I learn if I’m comfortable living with Amy or just comfortable because I’m in my own apartment? Now, if this experiment is going to be valid, I suggest a neutral environment.
Well, ideally, an enclosed, self-sustaining biodome in New Mexico, where we would eat crops fertilized with our own waste.
Interesting. If my official residence were across the hall, I wonder if I’d need to knock every time I came over here.
Historically, I don’t do well with change.
You’re darn right, you wouldn’t. No matter where I am, this will always be my spot. Like an embassy in a foreign country, this seat is the sovereign soil of my bottom.
Very well. I’m on board.
Yes. I accept this five-week mission to share a living space with my girlfriend.
Well, now, don’t be surprised if, like Star Trek, it’s cancelled in three.
Oh. Thank you.
Of course, the ideal way to conduct this experiment would be with four pairs of identical Sheldons and Amys. One pair that was neither dating nor living together. One pair that was dating but not living together. One pair that was living together but not dating. And then, of course, one pair that was living together and dating. Although, with that many Sheldons, it’d be such a party, we’d never get anything done.
Well, you’ve lived with your significant other for some time. I would like this experiment to go well. Are there any insights you can share?
You know, Leonard and I were very happy before you came along.
How many pairs of underwear did you pack for the move?
You truly are the Goofus to my Gallant.
Oh, excited, concerned, a little scared. All the same emotions I feel in line at Space Mountain.
Okay. Talk.
Wow, no foreplay or anything, just right to it.
You’re really okay with that?
This is such a relief. Honestly, if it didn’t get you all worked up, I’d kiss you right now.
I know. They probably shouldn’t sell those to children.
Enjoy having the place to yourselves.
It’s Penny’s bedroom. Plenty of men have gone before.
I guess this is it.
You, too. Oh, don’t forget. Tuesday the air filters need to be changed.
Oh. Oh, and every other day, check the water level on the avocado pit.
Leonard, please, let me go.
Oh. Bye.
I guess the experiment begins.
Which side of the bed would you prefer?
No, no, we’re living together now, everything’s equal. You know? I know that I have a tendency to be controlling, so I would rather you choose.
Well, clearly, it’s not whatever I want, because what I want is for you to make this decision, and you refuse to do that.
Like when you let me get those shoes with the wheels on the bottom, and then watched me roll right into traffic?
Fine. Okay. Now, on this side, I am closer to the exit in case of emergency.
No, but I’m also closer to the entrance in case of attack.
Ah, then again, what are the odds of someone attacking me?
Now, this side offers me proximity to the bathroom, but I am closer to the window where perverts can watch me sleep.
I suppose that works.
Although now I’m kind of worried someone’s hiding behind those drapes.
Be grateful I’m still in the room.
Oh, I’m just happy I don’t know what this memory foam remembers.
Well, it’s funny you should ask, because I was wondering how you’d feel about separating the two of us with a pillow wall.
Okay, well, I am sorry. I’m just worried that my sensitivity to temperature could make this a rough night. And no offence, but your bottom radiates enough heat, I’m surprised there aren’t iguanas lying on it.
No, Dr. Feynman. If I solve it for you, you’ll never learn.
What are you doing down there?
Who are you calling? Aaargh!
Good morning. See? I didn’t knock, but it’s fine. I didn’t knock, but it’s fine. I didn’t knock, but it’s fine. So, how is everyone?
Really? I slept great.
How? You had the whole floor to yourself.
Well, but what kind of scientists would we be, drawing a conclusion after only 12 hours of data?
Wow. I anticipated we’d have problems, but I never thought your scientific rigour would be one of them.
If the lab room disposable shoe cover fits.
How dare you?
Whoa, whoa! Now you’re making fun of my bona fides?
Well, if you are so protective of the scientific method, perhaps we should use the next five weeks to finish what we started.
For science, maybe you should.
Fine.
Great.
Does Stephen Hawking roll through the quad?
