I know our apartment’s small, but I think we can make room.
Wow. I’m starting to think you didn’t mean it when you said you wanted to spruce up the place.
Hi, uh, Penny, this circular is addressed to occupant, but with our apartment switch, it’s unclear whether it’s yours or mine.
Roofing.
Okay, thanks. Just throw it out. Speaking of occupants, I’m given to understand Raj will be moving into my old room.
What about his dog?
I suppose that’s acceptable.
If real dogs gave me buttons, I’d like them, too. Well, I think it’s very nice that you’re helping out our friend.
And what is that supposed to mean?
If you’re implying that I’d have some problem with him moving into my room, you’re wrong. Raj is in a difficult financial situation, and I’m glad that he’s making changes to improve it.
I mean, it’s unfair; people just assume I’m going to be upset by Raj moving into my old room.
Oh, I’m outraged.
Well, that’s been my room since before I met Leonard, and now someone else is going to be living in it. And that someone else is not me. And you know how I feel about people who aren’t me.
Wrong. We were standing outside my room in the hallway.
I realize it’s irrational, but with Raj moving in there, I’m feeling a bit replaced.
Yes, probably. But until we know for sure, how can I feel better?
All set.
A housewarming gift for Raj.
It’s nothing like that. I just, I thought about Raj’s situation, and I had a change of heart. You know, and regarding your gift, you said surprise me, and, boy, did I. Hello.
Uh, wait, before we eat, I have a little welcome to the building gift for Raj.
Well, I had some of my best ideas in that room, and I’m sure you will, too.
Well, I know this is a difficult time for you. You’re losing your apartment, you’re in debt, and you just, you must be humiliated.
Oh, good grief. She is such a stickler for citing sources. Those were Amy’s words.
I know, I know, good grief was originally said by Charlie Brown, geez.
Can you believe this guy?
I thought that was gonna break the other way.
Fine. You took my room. You turned my friends against me. I hope you’re happy.
How come he can say it and I can’t?
Honestly, I’ve been better. Do you have time? Leonard says you’re very busy these days.
Well, our friend Raj moved into my old room, and it’s brought up a lot of negative feelings for me.
Beverley, you know I hold you in high esteem. Can we skip the part where you pretend not to know the answer, and get to the part where you tell me the answer?
I have.
I hadn’t thought about that.
I had no idea all our relationships were such a disaster. Boy, you’re good.
Hey, Raj, I owe you an apology. Look, could you please put your dog on a leash?
Well, then at least hold her still so I can pretend she’s stuffed. Raj, I let my emotions get the best of me, and I unfairly took it out on you.
No, I can’t take all the credit. I spoke with Leonard’s mother, and she made me feel better.
Beverly pointed out that I’m experiencing insecurities in my relationship with Amy, in the same way that Leonard and Penny are in their relationship.
Yes, you’re fine as long as you have a buffer living with you to distract from your marital problems. It used to be me. Now it’s Raj and his attack Tribble. Anyway, I’m sorry for everything. Oh, and FYI, if you cry while they’re fighting, they’ll take you to McDonald’s.
I can’t sleep.
Beverley believes I unconsciously consider my old room an escape hatch.
Yes. I don’t care for unconscious thoughts. My brain and I are best friends. It should tell me everything.
What if she’s correct? Doesn’t that say something troubling about us?
That is true. Did you know I figured out in which order I would eat all my friends in the event of an apocalypse?
Penny would be the entree. Then Leonard’s basically a cheese course. And because I love you, you’re dessert.
Amy, quick, lock the door.
You know what? I’m proud of us. Yeah, with Penny and Leonard taking in Raj, and Stuart living with Howard and Bernadette, we’re the only couple of our social group who doesn’t need to fill the holes in their relationship with a third party.
