Leonard? Leonard?
You realize you and I could become brothers.
I hope you’re right. ‘Cause a grown man living with his brother and his brother’s wife is weird.
Okay. Do you think your father’s doing unspeakable things to my mother?
Are you saying that because the things are unspeakable?
Very well.
Hey, if you want me to sleep you’re gonna have to stop talking.
It was nice of her to show us playing dumb with an example.
Whuh, are we still doing the dumb thing? Okay, why, what’s wrong?
Oh, golly, however did he humiliate you?
Do I say stop what, or just throw in the towel?
Oh, excuse me, that is my mother you’re talking about, however accurately.
And turned their phones off.
You know, also, if they did have coitus, we’ll all be needing a skilled psychiatrist.
All right, so less or equally awkward, got it.
Hello.
So, did you defile my mother or not?
Did that conversation include the phrase your genitals are a joy to behold?
Or what a joy it is to behold my genitals.
A man named Jesus convinced you to build a church in Africa. You’re kind of a sucker.
What? In the Chattahoochee National Forest in Georgia? I can’t be the only one that knows that’s halfway.
What? But he’s a mediocre academic. And according to Beverley, his sexual prowess is sub-par. He’s basically Leonard with a bigger prostate.
Yes, while also getting in a solid dig at you. Pretty efficient, huh?
But why should you get to go and leave me here with your bickering parents?
Mary and Beverley can’t be together. Uh, Alfred and Beverley can’t be together. Leonard and I can’t be together. Now, I could be with Alfred but I don’t like his face. Oh, here. I’ve got it.
Great, now I have to start all over.
You made God sad today, Mom.
Well, that’s still no reason to rush into anything. I mean, look at us. We took things remarkably slow. You and I, we didn’t even hold hands for two years.
Hey, hey. She’s mine, take a cold shower, grandpa.
Why do people cry at weddings?
Speaking of love, STDs among the elderly are skyrocketing.
Yeah, excuse me, I need to say something to someone pretty special, and I just can’t wait any longer.
Leonard, you and I have our ups and downs. But I have always considered you my family. Even before the recent threat of our parents fornicating like wrinkly old rabbits. I don’t always show it, but you are of great importance to me. Both of you.
Plenty of time for you to meet another geriatric boy toy.
Yes ma’am.
Well, and you need to drive the car and mind your business.
What, you’re not my mother.
Yes ma’am.
