Gentlemen, we need to stop immediately.
I’m looking at the math, and I think we can make the device between eight and ten percent smaller.
Shame on you. Where would we be if poodle breeders had that attitude? I’ll tell you. We would have the standard and the miniature poodle, but no toy or teacup. Which by the way, is not an officially recognized breed, but that’s just poodle politics.
Fine. Candy bars. Now, do you enjoy a fun size? I know you do.
I don’t want to go home.
Then what?
Oh, that was my sixth trip to the bathroom. As long as that’s not a urinary tract infection, that’s a personal best.
Really?
Congratulations. The bearer of this certificate is entitled to the ultimate train experience at The Nevada Northern Railway. You are at the throttle. You are the engineer. You are running the locomotive. This doesn’t happen very often, but here comes a hug. Oh, dear, I have to tinkle again.
You’ll never believe it. Leonard gave me the most incredible gift, a trip to a historic railway, and I get to operate an actual locomotive.
No idea. All I know is I’m gonna be working on the railroad all the livelong day.
Oh, no. It’s not just me. No. The railway is four hours from the nearest airport, and guess who gets to drive me.
You.
Oh, oh. And guess where we get to sleep? Our choice of a turn-of-the-century railway bunkhouse or a working caboose. Now, the problem with a caboose is there’s no bathroom, but the problem with the bunkhouse is it’s not a caboose. On the first day, I get to drive a steam engine. Oh, and the second day, a diesel engine. Oh, and if I volunteer to do track maintenance and paperwork, they’ll let me stay as long as I want. So you might want to pack enough clothes for the rest of our lives.
Oh, get this. I get to take a test based on a 125-page manual. I get to learn things like hand signals. Ooh. There’s forward, uh, reverse, set the brakes. Are you done yet? You’re missing
Oh, hey. If you knocked, I couldn’t hear you. I’m welding this locomotive engine. And if you didn’t knock, how about some manners?
I said to myself, I think I can, I think I can. And then I couldn’t, so I paid two men who promised not to come rob us later.
Interesting. Well, so I was right.
Well, I would love to help you, but since I discovered the satisfaction of working with my hands on a train engine, I don’t think I can go back to theory. I’m an engineer now. And, hey, just to be clear, a train engineer. Not that goofy kind you are.
Sorry. I need to work on this engine so when I get to the train yard I won’t look foolish.
Leonard, in the world of theoretical physics, you never finish. So much is unprovable. But when I was studying that railway guide, it was so tangible and so satisfying that something just clicked. Then it clacked. Then it clicked, then it clacked, click-clack clickety-clack, and here we are. Whoo-whoo.
Well, good for you guys. Look, I have a grease smudge on my hand, and I’m okay with it.
No, thanks. I’m busy trying to fix this fuel pump.
Oh. Well, I guess it’s fixed.
That’s wrong.
Well, first of all, you can’t use relativistic and non-relativistic vectors in the same equation.
Okay, but this is the last time. Nice try, blockheads.
Excuse me. I have a girlfriend. I’m already king of the train store.
Oh, what choice do I have? You need me. I’m like the crankshaft of this team.
Well, whatever it is, it looks heavy. I’m gonna need you two to get it downstairs before Amy comes home.
I apologize that it’s so warm in here.
I’ve worked up a bit of a sweat.
May I borrow your water?
The light’s green.
GPS says we’ll be at the railway in three hours.
