Thank you. No bendy straw, some party.
To success without Raj.
Yeah, I’ll definitely live long enough. Vitamin C.
I hope his character doesn’t make it into the movie, he’s kind of a bummer.
Who else has access to this room?
This is disconcerting.
Where did you move it?
Wait, so you’re just going to take all the work we’ve done for the last year and toss us aside?
If that’s sarcasm, please save it for our enemies.
You know, I have a good mind to stop paying my taxes. It’s too bad I enjoy doing them so much. The Air Force did it again. They’re erasing our lives.
It’s okay, everything’s here.
I feel so betrayed. You know, all my life I thought Uncle Sam was a friendly uncle who brought you presents. Turns out he’s the other kind.
Thank you. Can we just talk about something else?
I apologize for exceeding my allotted bathroom time.
Not really. Apparently grief can make one less regular.
No, I sat and I sat, but to no avail.
What’s the occasion?
You’re so kind. You know, I don’t know how I ever got by without you.
Well, I thought that, too, but I’ve come to realize, I am completely dependent on you.
No, to wake up every morning and know you’re there is a great comfort to me. Mmm, tasteless. How do you do it?
Well, there is our quantum cognition experiment. You and I could spend more time on that.
I’m confused. You’re always saying that you want to spend more time with me.
Well, a lot, it’s very annoying. Has something changed? Um, is there something that you’re not telling me?
Princeton? A fine institution. The place where Albert Einstein taught. And where Leonard got his PhD, so it may have gone downhill.
Well, that’s wonderful. Congratulations.
What is there to talk about? You have to take it. It’s important.
Thank you, but I’ll be fine.
Yes. I may have lost my guidance system and my girlfriend, but I still have a colon full of yesterday’s meals to keep me company. Although, thanks to your high fibre breakfast, I’m sure that’ll be leaving me, too.
What does it look like? I’m playing sad harmonica in an apartment as empty as my heart.
I got the blues. My baby done left me.
Am I? Yesterday I had an Air Force project, a girlfriend who lived with me, and my good friend Raj right across the hall.
No, but that list was sounding a little thin.
So trick her.
No, but you are, so I got you this as a present.
No, it is. Leonard pointed out to me that I’m not always a loving and supportive boyfriend, so here’s some quality luggage.
The salesman said it could survive a plane crash, so perhaps you should fly inside it.
Well, I’m not looking forward to it, but it is a wonderful opportunity and you need to take it. Besides, Princeton is in New Jersey, so it’s not like you’re gonna want to stay. Uh, I know it’s not your birthday, but if you’re interested…
Okay. Oh, and just to be clear, I’m not being intimate with you in order to keep you from going.
Well, no, it’s just, I’m just warning you, you know, if you find yourself 3,000 miles away and craving a hit of this, you know, I can’t Skype it to you.
All right, then. Let’s go to the bedroom, remove our clothes, fold them neatly and engage in frenzied lovemaking.
Or, what if we fold them?
Oh, Amy, you naughty vixen.
Whoopee!
Of course. Here, here, let me. I’ve been doing a little research on New Jersey, and I was delighted to learn that their chief agricultural product is sod.
Hmm, yes. Yeah, perhaps I’ve been harder on them than they deserve.
It’s hard to say. I’ve never really lived by myself. What if I become strange and eccentric?
Howard Hughes saved his urine in milk bottles.
And you’ll text me when you arrive at the airport?
And when you’re at the gate?
And if you see any actors from Game of Thrones in first class?
And don’t forget to Skype me when you arrive.
And every morning.
Now of course, my 9am is your noon, so let’s avoid the whole good morning, good afternoon minefield, and let’s just say hello.
And just remember, I am proud of you and I support you in all that you do.
Oh, and one last thing. If you find yourself working with a male scientist who’s as smart as me, as tall as me and has hair like Thor, well, then I want you to step away from the situation and call me immediately.
