We have people over all the time. We have the maintenance people, the pizza delivery man, that UPS driver who feels the need to ask how parts of me are hanging.
All right, fine. Let’s say that we were to entertain people. What type of gathering did you have in mind? Huh? A meal? Lunch? Brunch? Dinner? Afternoon tea? A formal tea? Hmm? Is it a party? And if so, what kind of party? Is it a cocktail party? A Tupperware party? Ooh, is it a surprise party? Oh, I hope it’s not a West Coast party, ’cause according to the man on the radio, a West Coast party don’t stop.
Oh, don’t be. You get your hopes up, I knock them down. That’s called teamwork.
You expressed an interest in having people over, and I feel I dismissed it too quickly. So, I took matters into my own hands, and I arranged a brunch.
Oh, uh, Stuart, Bert from the geology lab, and Mrs. Petrescu from downstairs.
Yes. Oh, fun story, she grew up with ten siblings. Or possibly penguins. Her English is atrocious.
Well, for our first time hosting, I thought it would be wise to conduct a trial run. You know, like how I practiced for that Halloween haunted house by going into the bathroom at the bus station.
You never saw what jumped out at me at the bus station.
Oh. Well, the real surprise is how surprised you are that I’m great at surprises.
Don’t get me all randy. Guests are on the way.
The average cork speed is 25 miles per hour. If that is too fast around a school, it is certainly too fast around a kitchen.
Okay. I can do this. Just give me a moment… Oh! Mimosas coming up.
Would you like one, Mrs. Petrescu?
She’s learning English from TV.
Stuart, this is Bert from the Caltech geology lab, and this is Mrs. Petrescu from downstairs.
So until Amy’s apartment is fixed, she and I are living here together.
This is it. You are the practice round.
You know, exactly. We’ve never thrown a brunch before, and I wanted to work out all the kinks.
Hmm. You see, your words sound reasonable, but your face looks angry. Help me out here, this is not where I shine.
Okay, now, see, you look sincere, but your words are completely false. I’m glad we did this test run, these brunches are wild.
Oh. Thank you.
Well, no, that’s not true. I mean, sometimes it’s Koothrappali. But we’re not supposed to say that ’cause he’s a minority.
Stuart, wait. I do know what it feels like to be left out.
All right, this is about me and him, you’re not part of it. Stuart, perhaps we do take you for granted, and that is not acceptable. Please know that you truly are a valuable member of our social group.
You know, in fact, I’d like to propose a toast. To Stuart. A fine man, a good friend and a wonderful guest.
Do you know what else I love about you?
Your handwriting is impeccable.
No, I mean it. I mean it. It’s like you have the soul of a label maker.
Hmm?
You never know when two pieces of paper might temporarily need fastening in the top left corner.
You know, it turns out, you can hurt people just as well without ’em.
Oh, calm down. I already put away five of these. You see? No muss, no fuss, not a single cuss.
