There’s no way.
Its weight and smoothness, along with the slight concavity of the mirror, means it can spin for a long time.
Kind of busy right now.
He’s not gonna make it.
You know, deep-sea divers holding their breath for several minutes have shown elevated markers of a protein that can signal brain damage.
It’s slowing down.
He’s not gonna make it.
Oh, I won’t. I only eat equilateral triangles. Isosceles, isosceles, oh, scalene. You didn’t see that.
Why?
I have multiple restraining orders that say otherwise.
If the judge couldn’t explain it to me, I don’t see how you will.
Hello.
Well, have a lovely evening.
If you think that’s more fun than talking to Zachary Quinto through a stall door, you’re crazy.
MSN Search, AltaVista, and Ask Jeeves. You?
Bert, I insist that you join us.
Not at all. Amy?
Well, I could deduce by his facial expression and body language that he was sad.
You want me to look at him and listen to him?
Actually, we met online.
Although, unlike your date, she actually showed up. Oh, he looks sad again.
No. No, I only told Leonard, Howard, Raj, Kripke, uh, Professor Wu, Professor Klein, and a lunch lady in the cafeteria. How everyone else found out is a mystery to me.
Why aren’t you talking to me?
Oh. Well, now I’m sorry I asked.
What is there to gossip about? We barely have one.
Is it safe to assume you’re not speaking to me again? If you’re not answering because you’re not speaking to me, perhaps we could come up with a signal. That works.
Well, wait. This is our first fight as a couple who live together.
I’m not sure of the protocol. Television teaches us that the man’s supposed to sleep on the couch, but of the two of us, you’re clearly more sofa-sized.
This isn’t fair. You’ve discussed aspects of our physical relationship with Penny.
That lady has a name. I don’t know what it is, but one time I accidentally called her mom.
(Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
Not exactly the welcome wagon, but I’ll take it.
I’m mapping basic topics of conversation and with whom they can be discussed. I call these circles zones of privacy. Don’t Google that unless you want to see pictures of people’s genitals. This circle contains only me and you. It represents subjects we only share with each other, details of physical intimacy, bathroom habits. Although, as I’m saying it, I may need to add Dr. Fink in here.
No, I was just excited to list him as a friend.
I’m sorry you were embarrassed. And now I understand that some things are just between you and me, and in the event of redness and swelling, Dr. Fink.
That’s reserved for thoughts I don’t share with anyone.
Of course.
No, they’re private.
A little.
Fine. Two years ago I got my driver’s license.
I like being chauffeured around. It makes me feel important.
No, you didn’t. But keep in mind, I felt extremely important.
Excuse me. May I have your attention, please? I have recently been made aware that my personal relationship with Amy Farrah Fowler has become water cooler gossip. And I just want to say, shame on all of you. We’re scientists. Our minds should be focused on the advancement of human knowledge, not the intimate details of other people’s lives.
Thank you, Bert. You’re a good man. That woman who stood you up and humiliated you last night really missed out.
Oh. Oh, I’m sorry. Correction, that woman not only had vigorous coitus with Bert, she also tipped him a dollar for a job well done. – That better?
All right, well, to sum up, focus on science, keep your nose out of other people’s business, and, uh, whoa, for a good time, call Bert.
Well, last night Amy was angry with me because I’d been foolishly telling people about certain personal matters.
Oh, I know that now. At first, I thought she was cranky because of her horrific menstrual cramps, but it turns out, no, she was genuinely mortified.
