Look at this. Elon Musk has a theory that we’re all just characters in some advanced civilization’s video game.
Well, he doesn’t say it’s a good game.
Oh, what did he say?
That doesn’t sound terrifying.
Gentlemen, I think we are losing sight of the real issue. We are on the precipice of becoming faceless cogs in the military-industrial complex. Isn’t that exciting?
Not at all. In Star Wars, when the stormtroopers would march in perfect formation, harassing civilians, didn’t you ever think, hey, that could be me?
Okay, Howard’s on board. What do you think, Leonard?
We don’t need Howard’s cousin. No, we have me.
I am not a know-it-all. I’m a person who knows lots of things and likes to correct other people when they’re wrong.
Or in German, a Besserwisser.
I don’t see how a tax lawyer from Fort Lauderdale could be helpful regarding intellectual property.
Hello.
Don’t sign anything? That’s your advice? Okay, so, uh, if during this meeting, one of us were to, say, complete an oil painting, you’d recommend that we leave that unsigned?
That’s what you said.
This must be how you practice law in Boca Raton, by saying things you don’t mean and meaning things you don’t say.
Who has been a complete waste of our time?
You don’t need him. I’ll represent you.
I don’t understand why I can’t talk at this meeting.
Okay. Quick question. Am I allowed to exchange pleasantries upon meeting this colonel?
Am I allowed to inform him that Colonel Sanders was never actually in the military?
Fine. Ooh. Can I use text-to-speech software?
Aw, nuts.
(Strangled sound)
Yeah, we’ll do it in two. Hi. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. I’m the actual brains behind this project. Also, engineers aren’t real scientists, MIT’s a trade school, and the Death Star is from Star Wars, not Star Trek. But otherwise, thank you for your service.
Hello.
Oh, Leonard’s mad at me, so I’m making him lemon bars.
Not really. But I’m mad at him, too, so lemon bars it is.
They made me promise I wouldn’t talk.
Well, now, see? You knew what was gonna happen. Why didn’t they? Anyway, now we’re committed to completing this project in a ridiculously short time frame, and everyone’s upset with me.
Mm. If it makes you feel any better, a parasitoid wasp known as Oobius depressus has been rediscovered after 101 years of presumed extinction.
Why would your Bernadette thing make me feel better? At least mine was educational.
Look, I’m sorry. Tell me why Bernadette is upset with you.
Why would you do that?
See, that’s exactly what happened to me, except that I said it on purpose, and I have no regrets.
I never realized this building was classified.
The way you put away those lemon bars, perhaps that’s a good thing.
Why? It clearly doesn’t work.
Impressive.
