Oh, while you do that I am going to pump cerebral spinal fluid through my brain cells to remove the metabolic by-products of the day’s thoughts.
It’s called sleep and it’s my bedtime. Nighty-night, y’all.
I know, I was there.
How late?
One o’clock? I’m not a raccoon.
What? You have some coffee.
And look how irritable it’s making you!
Fine. (Time passing montage) I don’t think I can go much longer.
I had a bad dream that my best friend became a tyrant and forced me to stay up all night to work.
Ow, it does hurt.
Oh, that was never happening.
I won’t be there.
Huh, what?
Oh, no, thank you, those have caffeine in them.
I am cool. This is Yoo-hoo, chocolate milk’s delicious watery cousin.
Superheroes take performance-enhancing chemicals?
I am facing a great deal of work. And I do like things better when famous people also like them.
The first one’s free? Flash, how do you stay in business?
Gentlemen, I am ready to work. To quote The Martian, let’s science the faeces out of this. That’s The Martian the book and The Martian the movie, not Marvin the Martian. Although to quote Marvin the Martian, I claim this planet in the name of Mars.
Oh, I’m fantastic, never been better. I had my first energy drink and I feel great. Hey, you guys want to wrestle? We can do arm, thumb, mud, sumo. Nah, we’re not fat enough, or wearing diapers.
My head hurts and I’m more tired than ever.
No, I can do this. I just, I just need another energy drink. Oh, no.
I want another one.
That’s a craving. That’s a sign of chemical dependency.
No, I know, but plenty of things are addictive after a single exposure. I mean, crack cocaine, nicotine, Pringles. You know once one pops one just can’t stop.
You want to bet? Oh, great, now I’m addicted to gambling.
I’m sorry. Yes, of course.
Just, please, bear with me if I display symptoms of caffeine withdrawal.
You guys stink.
Uh, you’re really going to have caffeine in front of me when I’m trying to get my life back on track?
I do.
Yeah, but I do.
With what?
I thought I didn’t have a problem.
Leonard, can I ask you a question?
Howard, can I ask you a question?
All right, I’ll just toss this out to the room. Um, I was thinking that the best way to fight my addiction is by weaning myself off in steps. Now, I couldn’t find a caffeine patch, but I did find what claims to be a mind-boosting caffeine suppository. You know, the interesting fact about the rectum…
You don’t shove them. They come with an easy-glide applicator.
I can’t.
No, I can’t figure out the math. I’ve been racking my brain for days, and I’ve got nothing.
I can’t do it. I’m not as smart as I think I am. I’m so sorry. This is all my fault.
But what if we can’t?
He said start with it, not end with it.
The computations required to overcome the deployability issues are more significant than we thought.
We, we really appreciate it.
Popcorn’s on me.
