Leonard, i’ve been meaning to ask you, what size shoe do you wear?
I’m trying to take more of an interest in other people’s lives.
That’s small. So, tell me, do you have any plans for the weekend?
Only if the answer is shopping for baby shoes.
Oh, well you know, that is interesting. I wonder what kind of infection you’ll come home with. My money’s on fungal. They’re still having girls night across the hall.
At our age, why don’t we call it man’s night?
If you do that, i’ll win in eight moves. I’ll win in five moves. I’ll win in one move.
Oh, Penny, I’m trying to take an interest in other people. Uh, how was your girls’ night?
Hmm. Did you have anything to eat?
Anything to drink?
Well, I’m just playing tennis against the drapes here.
Leonard, she might be drunk. All she had was chips.
Amy is free. She had a harp lesson on Saturday but it got cancelled. Boy, when you take an interest in people, you really uncork a geyser of nonsense.
And if they have any of those tiny bottles of shampoo?
You know what? I feel uncomfortable engaging in a public display of affection while their relationship is strained.
Bye.
Bye.
Yeah, I’ll miss you too.
Well, if x equals the amount that you’ll miss me, then I’ll miss you x plus one.
Here. You’re sad, so I made you tea.
And it’s just the way you like it.
Yes.
Yes.
Good Lord, I made you tea, just drink it.
Well, what can we do to cheer you up?
You want to play Jenga? Or, uh, Ticket to Ride? Hearthstone? What would you be the happiest losing at?
Wow, and I remember when you loved playing games with me. Maybe Penny isn’t the only relationship you’re phoning in.
Hmm. Yeah, you’re right. It’s like when I first encountered the Pythagorean theorem. You know, I was blown away that the square of the hypotenuse was the sum of the squares of the opposite sides. But now I’m just like, eh.
Would you like to play a driving game I invented?
Never mind. You know, Penny went to this spa to be away from you. Are you sure you should be going there?
Very well. You got married spur of the moment, I don’t see why your divorce should be any different.
Hello, Amy. It’s nice to see you.
And that’s how you make effort look effortless.
You know what? If you’d like, I could whip up a quick relationship agreement. Well, I’m at a spa, I might as well do something relaxing.
Very well. Hey, later we’ll check out the minibar, I’ll show you how Godzilla gets drunk.
There’s a cucumber in my water.
Do they know it’s there? I mean, should I tell somebody?
Interesting. The world’s most boring liquid and the world’s most boring vegetable, but you put ’em together and bleugh.
Oh good, you’re here. Are you still fighting? If you get divorced, do I get two Christmas’s?
I get to write a contract? I say, let’s get this party of the first part started.
If you find this draft acceptable, then I believe your new relationship agreement is ready to be signed.
I did this for free, let me get a little something.
Oh well, great then, here, you sign here, date here, and Penny, if you could initial here to indicate that you’re accepting Leonard in as is condition.
Mm. You seem to be forgetting the no nostalgia clause.
