How much will it hurt?
On a scale of one to ten, where one is a pebble in your shoe and ten is the monkey you thought was your pet biting your face off.
Eating a whole Altoid?
No, this is for science. I can be brave for science.
Oh, jiminy, that’s cold.
All right, just warn me before you do it.
You tricked me. You didn’t say one.
No, but three, two and we’re done is incomplete. You know those things bother me. It’s like hearing da-da-da-da-da-dah without yelling…
Thank you. Now yell charge and we can get out of here.
Did it work? Are they brain cells yet?
Oh, just let me look. Oh, my goodness. I see quivering black lines. Those must be neurons, oh, they’re so thick and beautiful.
I have such a profound sense of creation. I, it’s like when I hatched sea monkeys, except that this is from my DNA, so this is like me monkeys.
Yeah, but us monkeys doesn’t pop. Oh, oh, oh, oh, wait, we monkeys, there you go. Hey, when can we start running tests on it?
What stimulus should we introduce it to first? Light, sound, temperature, oh, oh, let’s
I understand. She’s the mean one, I’m the fun one.
Look, look, here I am standing next to the incubator. Uh, here is a microscopic view of the cells.
Aw. Yeah, this little guy can already recognize electronically transmitted images 20% faster than any other sample in Amy’s lab.
Yeah, I have to say, it is nice to share this experience with someone who’s on the same journey. Although right now ours is testing off the charts while yours is floating around in its own waste.
Well, I didn’t make you waddle up four flights of stairs for the heck of it.
Yeah, but ours can recognize a specific data stream among background noise.
Ours doesn’t need an immune system because it lives in a state-of-the-art German incubator.
Okay, fine. Let’s just agree that both creations are special in their own way and it is foolish to try and compare them. Although, we didn’t need to have sex with Howard for ours, so we win.
Would you look at that? The image we gave it was 45% white noise, and it still managed to reconstruct it.
Yeah, we need to stop for magnets on the way home, this is going right on the fridge.
Oh, I am. And you realize what the next step is?
Uh, no. We lock that door, lower our underpants a little and make a baby.
Clearly the combination of our DNA is exceptional. Our child could be the next step in the evolution of mankind. We’ll be able to get into any preschool we want!
Oh, yes, you are. I track your cycle. For the next 36 hours you’re as fertile as a manure-covered wheat field.
I don’t understand. I thought you’d be thrilled to procreate with me.
Oh, I see what’s happening here. You’re playing hard to get.
Very well. Oops, how clumsy of me. You know what? Let me get that. Hey. Where are you going? I, did you even look at my bottom?
Well, hello.
Would you care for a brandy?
Good choice, it’s disgusting.
Who’s trying to seduce you? After a long day I always turn on smooth jazz and spray deer musk on my inner thighs.
Anything you’d like to pet? Not my hair. There’s a lot of goop in it.
Amy, come back. I don’t know how to open the oysters.
Amy, I didn’t want it to come to this, but you have left me no choice but to employ the most passionate, seductive dance known to man. The flamenco.
You guys are aroused, right?
