That’s not a problem, we can figure this out. What are the reasons women reject Raj?
Doesn’t like games. That’s one.
Of course you’re fine. Not every member of a species finds a mate. Sir Isaac Newton died a virgin, look at the contributions he made.
So now you think you’re better than Isaac Newton? Oh, no wonder women don’t like you.
What? He said he was fine.
Oh, that’s a paradox. I mean if you meant what you just said, then that means you may not have meant what you just said.
Well, I thought we were having a nice conversation, but it turns out I was being offensive.
Yeah.
We were discussing Raj’s recent breakup and apparently, I was insensitive to him.
Don’t fall for it. He’ll get you to compare him to a dead virgin, and suddenly you’re the bad guy.
Then why didn’t you say that?
Well, I would prefer if people told me exactly what is on their mind.
Well, it certainly would be easier. You have no idea what it’s like to struggle with recognizing emotional cues.
Thank you.
Okay, now you’re just showing off.
A machine that reads emotions is intriguing. It could help me be a more considerate friend.
It could also help me identify my enemies, discover their fears and then I could use those fears to destroy them.
You could make it a train room.
I know, and Amy says I can’t have a train room.
Wonderful. Although I’m not sure how I feel about being used as a guinea pig.
jokes are often better when you end them with wocka wocka or ha-cha-cha.
Yes. Now, when the robots rise up, they’ll know that I’ve been rooting for them the whole time.
You are happy?
Aw. Somebody’s ignoring their tiny needle teeth, but all right.
Sad.
Oh, that makes sense, ’cause she’s gone and you miss her.
And you’re worried that turkey neck is in your future. What, now, see, now it says you’re mad. Make up your mind.
Hey, Leonard, if you’re happy and you know it, no need to clap your hands, because I have an emotion detector.
Surprisingly well.
No, wait, uh, hold on. Oh, what, you are. Aren’t you sweet?
Oh, ooh! And that makes Leonard angry.
What, Leonard, please. I know an angry face when I see it. It’s this red frowny guy on my phone.
Yes.
It’s like you’re twins.
Well, hey. Now she’s angry, too. This thing works like gangbusters.
He’s still mad.
You first.
Hey, I shared my Honey Nut Cheerios with you.
You are lucky that this feelings machine doesn’t have feelings.
Gladly. Can we storm out?
Fine. I’ll just give them the finger.
Not really.
I wish I never tried that device. And I know I said the same thing after the massage chair, but this time I mean it.
It’s more than that. It’s me. I always knew I had trouble recognizing other people’s emotions, but that machine just made it so real.
I thought I was getting better at it, but clearly I’m not.
Yeah, but that’s shooting fish in a barrel. You’re kind of a sad sack. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that. I’m just upset.
I feel the same way about you. Now, put your glasses back on. You look weird.
Yes?
Oh, it’s fine. You needed a suitcase, I wasn’t home, you borrowed a suitcase.
Oh. Well, I thought we were going in order.
Yeah, well, you should be. Your socks were still in it. I had to throw it away. Anyway, I, uh, trust that you’ve resolved your conflict.
Uh, guys, it sounds like you’re getting angry again.
Yes. I don’t need an emotion machine. I am one.
I did. You know, I’m not even sure how accurate it was. I took it to the train store, it said everyone was sad.
Hey, uh, Bernadette, let’s test this theory. What do you think I’m feeling right now?
Keep filling this one with babies. She’s good.
