I have something to announce, but out of respect for convention, I will wait for you to finish your current conversation. What are you talking about?
I see. Now, are we talking date, the social interaction, or date, the dried fruit?
Oh, good, my turn. Well, this is very exciting and I wanted you to be among the first to know…
Thank you, Kripke, for depriving me of the opportunity to share my news with my friends.
My thank you was not sincere.
Why are you such a stupid head? That is also rhetorical. I’m sorry you had to hear that.
Yes, they’re interviewing me by phone from my office, regarding the recent so-called discovery of magnetic monopoles in spin-ices. It’s pledge week and they’re trying to goose the ratings with a little controversy.
Thank you. My mother is very excited. She’s convening her Bible study group to listen in, and then pray for my soul.
All right. These are the talking points for my NPR interview tomorrow. I need to make sure that they’re simple enough for the less educated in the audience to understand. Howard, look this over and tell me what’s unclear to you.
Yes. Look this over and tell me what’s unclear to you.
Hello.
Excuse me, may I interject?
Biologically speaking, Howard is perfectly justified in seeking out the optimum mate for the propagation of his genetic line.
Now, whether that propagation is in the interest of humanity is, of course, an entirely different question.
My pleasure, Ira.
Of course. First, consider an ordinary magnet which has, (the pitch of his voice begins to rise) as even the most uneducated in your audience must know, two poles, (pitch rises further) a north and south pole. If you cut that in half, you have two smaller magnets, each with its own north and south pole.
No, I hear you fine. As I was saying, an ordinary magnet has two poles. The primary characteristic of a monopole is that it has only one pole, hence, monopole.
A requirement for string theory, or M-theory, if you will, is the existence of such monopoles. I, myself, led an expedition to the Arctic Circle in search of said particles. Kripke, I found the nozzle! I’m going to kill you!
I was humiliated on national radio. How do you think I’m doing?
What do you want?
It wasn’t funny.
Did you laugh?
I refuse to sink to his level.
I never admit defeat.
However, on an unrelated topic, I am never getting out of this bed again.
Well, I suppose I could poison Kripke.
It’s a simple matter. There are several toxic chemicals that’d be untraceable in an autopsy.
Oh! How about we put awhoopee cushion on his office chair? He’ll sit down, it’ll sound like he’s flatulent, even though he’s not.
All right, how’s this for revenge? A solution of hydrogen peroxide, and one of saturated potassium iodide.
Mountain Dew. Ah, refreshing. Now, we’re going to combine these chemicals with ordinary dish soap, creating a little exothermic release of oxygen.
Yes, exactly.
Already taken care of. Observe. This is a live shot of Kripke’s lab via a mini webcam I was able to install, thanks to a dollar bill discreetly placed in the night janitor’s shirt pocket. At the same time, I also secured large quantities of these chemicals above the tiles in the drop ceiling.
You flatter me, sir.
The reaction will be triggered when Kripke reaches the center of the room. Mwah, ha, ha.
It may be low-tech, but I still maintain the whoopee cushion has comic validity.
There is no abort.
I made a boo-boo, all right?
Hello, Kripke. This classic prank comes to you from the malevolent mind of Sheldon Cooper. If you’d like to see the look on your stupid face, this video is being instantly uploaded to YouTube. Oh, and a hat tip to Leonard Hofstadter and Raj Koothrappali for their support and encouragement in this enterprise.
