It amazes me how you constantly obsess over fictional details when there are more important things in the real world to worry about. For example, why wasn’t William Shatner in the new Star Trek movie?
And you want to rub my nose in the fact that my contributions are being overlooked again? I am the William Shatner of theoretical physics. All right, I’ll play. What self-important, preening fraud are they honouring this year?
I won?
I won! This is astonishing. Not that I won the award, no one deserves it more. Actually, I guess I misspoke. It’s not astonishing, more like inevitable. I’m not sure what to do first. Maybe I should call my mother. Wait! I know, I’m going to conduct an interview with myself and post it online.
Oh, that will be another congratulatory call for me. Uh, mute, please.
Hello? Oh, Chancellor Morton, how are you, sir? Yes, I was expecting your call (aside) three years ago. I see. Wait. What happens if I choose not to give a speech? Uh-huh. And if I don’t want to forfeit the award? Well, you’ve got that tied up in a neat little bow. All right. Thank you. (Hangs up) Problem.
They expect me to give a speech at the banquet. I can’t give a speech.
I am perfectly comfortable speaking to small groups. I cannot speak to large crowds.
Any group big enough to trample me to death. General rule of thumb is 36 adults or 70 children.
I’m not accepting the award.
Thank you. Yeah, I’ll bear that in mind if I’m ever nominated for the Hillbilly Peace Prize.
Am I? Let me tell you a story.
I was 14 and graduating summa cum laude from college. Summa cum laude is Latin for with highest honours.
I was valedictorian and expected to give an address. Even now, I can remember that moment when I walked up to the podium and looked out at the crowd. There must have been thousands of people. My heart started pounding in my chest. I began to hyperventilate. My vision became blurry, and before I knew it… oh, dear. (He faints.)
Don’t trample me.
Come on, Mother, you know why I can’t accept the award. With all due respect, I don’t think praying will help. No, I have not heard the song, Jesus, Take the Wheel. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, you don’t need to start singing it. Yes, I’ll buy it on the iTunes, Mother. Good-bye, Mother. (Enters apartment. The others are sitting as if waiting for him.) Hello.
Am I in trouble? Did my mother call you?
Oh, I doubt that. I haven’t figured out a way, and I’m much smarter than all of you.
Oh, I’m sorry, that is what I meant.
I do like the X-Men.
I don’t know. If you’re my X-Men, what are your powers?
That’s not exactly a mutation that would get you into Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters, but go on. Leonard?
What qualifies you to attempt to understand my mind?
I see. Well, I assume, since the rest of you have set the bar so low, you’re saving the most impressive contribution for last. Go ahead, Howard. Dazzle me.
And I appreciate the pretence.
No. The X-Men were named for the X in Charles Xavier. Since I am Sheldon Cooper, you will be my C-Men.
And yet, you can’t speak to women.
Okay, but don’t punch me.
When I was little, my sister would say to me, close your eyes, you’ll get a surprise, and then she’d punch me.
That’s what my sister used to say.
I’m sorry. Proceed.
Sim City. More specifically, the Sim City I designed, Sheldonopolis.
Where exactly? Sheldon Square? Sheldon Towers? Sheldon Stadium, home of the Fighting Sheldons?
I thought this was supposed to be a guided meditation.
Really? This time of year? It’s a bit nippy.
Suppose I could run downtown and pick up something at Shel-Mart.
You know, the nice thing about Shel-Mart is I own it, so I get a 15% discount.
Look, I didn’t turn a profit last quarter by taking product off the shelves willy-nilly.
Hang on. It’s a cardigan. I have to button it. Oh, no.
A Godzilla-like monster is approaching the city. I have to get my people to safety. People of Sheldonopolis, this is your mayor. Follow me. If the children can’t run, leave them behind. Oh, the simulated horror! (Sound of door slamming) Raj? Just as I suspected. Meditation is nothing but hokum.
I question your premise. How is a new suit going to prevent me from passing out in front of a ballroom full of people?
Don’t you eventually realize you’re just the same stressed out person in a cute top or a fun skirt?
It’s only one colour.
That’s a lot of money for only one colour.
Hmm. (Cut to Sheldon exiting changing room in a loud check suit). This is pretty sharp.
This is great. I had a suit like this when I was six. (Cut to Sheldon exiting in a white dinner suit with tails) Okay, I think we have a winner.
In the prom department.
Says the former member of the Corn Queen’s Court.
Okay. But anything I put on now is only going to suffer in comparison. (Goes into changing room. Comes out in black suit looking terrific.) This is absurd. I look like a clown.
That’s how you start a psychotherapy session? How am I doing? I was promised a riverboat journey into the jungles of my subconscious. Instead, I get the same question I hear from the lady who slices my bologna at Ralph’s.
Would it be helpful to you if I told you about my dreams?
I recently had a dream that I was a giant. But everything around me was to scale, so it all looked normal.
I was wearing size a million pants.
Ah, the talking cure. Classical Freudian, good choice. If it will help speed things along, uh, my answers to the standard Rorschach ink blot test are A, a bat, B, a bat, C, a bat, and D, my father killing my mother with a hypodermic needle.
Really, Leonard? You’re just going to try to recycle Adler’s doctrine of the inferiority complex? I could probably get that from the woman at Ralph’s. And she’d let me taste some pieces of cheese for free.
And how did that make you feel?
Go on.
So, I hear you saying you’re angry with your mother.
Thank you, Leonard.
If someone as damaged as you can find his way to crawl out of bed each morning, I think I can face a simple award ceremony.
Oh, dear.
I’m getting dizzy.
I can’t do this. I’m going to faint.
Alcohol? I don’t drink alcohol.
I don’t feel different, this alcohol’s defective.
I’m ready.
Thanks, shorty,I’ll take it from here. All right, you people ready to have some fun? You have a basic understanding of differential calculus and at least one year of algebraic topology? Well, then here come the jokes. Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip? To get to the same side, bazinga! All right, a neutron walks into a bar and asks, how much for a drink? The bartender says, for you, no charge. Hello? I know you’re out there. I can hear you metabolizing oxygen and expelling carbon dioxide. Looks like we have some academic dignitaries in the audience. Dr. Randall from the geology department, only man who’s happy when they take his work for granite. Ba-da cha! I kid the geologists, of course, but it’s only ’cause I have no respect for the field. Let’s get serious for a moment. Why are we all here? ‘Cause we’re scientists. And what do scientists study? The universe. And what’s the universe made of? I am so glad you asked. (Singing) There’s antimony, arsenic, aluminium, selenium, and hydrogen and oxygen and nitrogen and rhenium, and nickel, neodymium,
Penny, Leonard. Would you be able to answer some questions I’m having about the events of last night?
Question one, where are my pants?
What do I search?
Oh, Lord, this couldn’t be any more humiliating.
