Did he finally write a sequel to his autobiography? I’m sure ages 79 through 87 were just action-packed.
Oh, I don’t want to know that! How can I possibly discuss with Stan Lee the scientific foundations for interstellar flight on a silver surfboard when part of my brain will be scanning his face for signs of contagious skin disease?
Well, look who thinks he’s Stuart’s uncle now.
I’ve decided I’m going to have Mr. Lee sign my copy of this month’s Batman.
Yes, which is why no one else will ask him to sign one, and I will be the possessor of a unique, albeit confusing, artifact, which will set me apart from the hoi polloi of comic book fandom.
What is it about the word unique you don’t understand?
There’s Neosporin and Band-Aids in my top desk drawer.
Yeah, but the ones in my pocket are mine.
Because most of the things I’m planning to buy haven’t been invented yet.
I don’t trust banks. I believe that when the robots rise up, ATMs will lead the charge.
Undoubtedly yet another snide response to my repeated letters complaining that the flags in front of the courthouse are flying in the wrong order. From left to right, it’s supposed to be federal, state, and then city of Pasadena.
It bothers me.
A summons for what?
November 16? Penny, that’s the evening you fell in your bathtub and I had to drive you to the emergency room.
Yes, it is.
Penny, I have an eidetic memory. Also, that’s a picture of you in the passenger seat holding your dislocated shoulder.
Okay, then why is a summons for a traffic violation committed in your car, bearing your license plates, coming to me?
So you betrayed me?
But the only reason I was driving your car was because you were in distress and I was rescuing you.
I’m not going to pay a fine. That would imply I’m guilty.
I am not guilty. I only have a learner’s permit, Penny was the teacher. When the light turned yellow she said go, go, go, so I went, went, went.
You don’t need to reimburse me because I’m not paying. On Thursday, I will have my day in court and justice will be done. In fact, I’m going to begin preparing my defence right now.
Now you see what you’ve done? Because of you, we’re all going to miss Stan Lee.
Well, you’re my friends. You’ll be standing by my side, supporting me, feeding me legal precedents, and if you had the upper body strength, carrying me out on your shoulders when I’m victorious.
Are you saying that you will not stand beside me as I plead my case?
Howard?
Raj? You’ll be there, won’t you? (Shirt plays “incorrect” quiz sound) All right, then, my so-called friends have forsaken me. So, I guess it’ll just be me and my eyewitness.
Please try to wear something appropriate. It won’t help my case if the judge is busy trying to read the word Juicy scrawled across your buttocks.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
That’s just wrong.
Wait, hold on. Before we get to the courthouse, I’d like to call on your skills as an actress.
I’ve taken the liberty of scripting your appearance on the witness stand because, let’s face it, you’re somewhat of a loose cannon. Now, don’t worry, it’s written in your vernacular. So shall we rehearse?
Well, of course you have a choice. Although we live in a deterministic universe, each individual has free will. Now, sit down. I call your attention to the events of November 16. Do you remember that date?
Excellent. Go on.
And who performed that heroic act?
There’s no need for compliments, this court is only interested in the facts.
Only a suggestion. A catch in your throat would work just as well.
Maybe you should put on your Juicy pants again.
Good morning, Your Honour. Dr. Sheldon Cooper appearing in pro se. That is to say, representing himself.
And yet you wound up in traffic court. Anyway, if it would please the court, I’d like to begin with an opening statement.
Very well, a quick opening statement. Like a milking stool, my case rests on three legs. I will demonstrate that I was improperly instructed in driving by a woman whose lack of respect for society borders on the sociopathic. I will argue that the emergency met the legal doctrine of quod est necessarium est licitum, that which is necessary is legal. But first, I will raise a Sixth Amendment issue. I’m unable to confront my accuser, a non-human entity, to wit, a camera. So, to sum up, improper instruction, quod est necessarium est licitum, Sixth Amendment. My milk stool is complete.
Thank you.
I object. You’re completely ignoring the law.
Really? I would point out that I am at the top of my profession, while you preside over the kiddy table of yours.
I am a scientist. I never apologize for the truth.
That’s my spot.
Excuse me? Excuse me, jailor?
I need to use the restroom.
That’s the toilet?
Please tell the judge I’m ready to apologize.
You know very well how it went.
I was found guilty and fined $533.
I also now have three points on a driver’s licence I do not yet possess, and I was forced to issue an undeserved apology, simply because I refuse to urinate in a stainless steel bowl in front of criminals.
You had gelato with Stan Lee?
Well, I hope you’re satisfied, Penny. You are responsible for all the evil that has befallen me today.
Not finished. It is because of you that I now have a criminal record, and it is because of you that I missed out on having gelato with Stan Lee.
No, no. I will never have another chance to have gelato with Stan Lee because opportunities to have gelato with Stan Lee come but once in a lifetime. The moving finger writes, and having writ, moves on!
This is Stan Lee’s front door. We were on Stan Lee’s curb, then we were on Stan Lee’s walk, and now we’re at Stan Lee’s front door.
Oh, Lord, you just rang Stan Lee’s doorbell. At Stan Lee’s house. We’re about to go in and have milk and cookies with Stan Lee.
We’re not friends at the moment. Depends on how this goes.
You said we were invited.
Well, I’m not much of a sports fan, but thank you.
I’ll tell you where I’ve been. You boys may have had gelato with Stan Lee and gotten autographed comics, but I saw the inside of his house and got an autographed application for a restraining order.
Plus, I get to hang out with him again at the hearing. This is going to look great hanging next to my restraining order from Leonard Nimoy.
