Oh, dear Lord, they re-did the menu.
Oh, is it? Look at this. General Tso’s Chicken is no longer listed under specialties. It’s now under chicken.
Yes, General Tso.
So, why is it no longer a specialty? Did the chef lose confidence in the dish or himself? And look over here, shrimp in mobster sauce. What is mobster sauce?
Perhaps. Perhaps this restaurant’s now a front for organized crime. For all we know, the mobster sauce contains actual chunks of deceased mobsters.
Good idea. We’ll go to Corleone’s.
You know, the more I think about it, the mobster sauce couldn’t possibly contain chunks of mobster.
It was listed under seafood.
Leonard, are we having a serious conversation or not?
The TV is gone.
Oh God, oh God, oh, God! It’s all right. They didn’t take my comic books.
They took our TV, two laptops, four external hard-drives, our PS2, our PS3, our X-Box, our X-Box 360, our classic Nintendo, our Super Nintendo, our Nintendo 64 and our Wii.
Twilight Princess, Super Mario Brothers, Super Mario Galaxy, Mario and Sonic at the Winter Olympics and Ms. Pacman.
When does the CSI team get here?
In anticipation of their arrival, I’ve bagged some evidence. One of the thieves had the audacity to quench his thirst while ransacking our home. You should be able to pull some good prints off this. And now, here are my prints so you can rule me out as a suspect.
I’m sorry, Leonard. It’s too early to discount the possibility of this being an inside job.
I’m not crazy. My mother had me tested.
I’m sorry, that’s the end of your inquiry?
Oh, my goodness. Where do I begin? For instance, my laptop contained four out of the five gedanken experiments necessary for a cogent restatement of the quantum measurement problem.
Well, they could monitor scientific publications and see if anyone posts such a cogent restatement in the next couple of months. If so, the authors are most likely in possession of my stolen laptop.
The only thing we can do. Watch TV on our phones until the criminals return and bludgeon us to death in our sleep.
Oh, how I wish I could.
I do not have to urinate. I am the master of my own bladder. Drat.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
We just had a major crime in the building, and you open the door without asking who it is?
Nothing. Just wanted to see if you were both okay.
All right, then. Good night.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
Sheldon. Sheldon Cooper.
May I come in?
I see you’re drinking wine.
Uh-huh.
Oh, as small as Leonard is, I don’t think the two of you’d be comfortable on the couch.
It’s not what I want, it’s what evolution wants. Human beings are primates. Primates have evolved to live in groups, both for protection and support.
I do tonight. It’s scary over there.
Good Lord, I could not have made this easier. Hydrogen atom, H, plus pigs minus pea, Higgs. Bow, General Zod trapped in the Phantom Zone. Bow-zone. Pear. Tickle. Pear-tickle. Higgs Boson Particle. How could you not get that?
All right. I’ll take the first watch and wake you at 0400.
Bad idea.
Listen to her, Jim.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny! (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny! (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny!
What if they cut the power?
What if someone steals my keys?
What if someone kidnaps me, forces me to record my voice, and then cuts off my thumb?
Wonderful security system if we’re attacked by a school of tuna.
Better.
Sheldon’s journal. Security system in place. However, sleep continues to elude me. I’ve seen the underbelly of Pasadena, this so-called City of Roses, and it haunts me. Ah, the injustice, I lie here awake, tormented, while out there evil lurks, probably playing Donkey Kong on my classic Nintendo. (Hears a noise. Goes to check, then panics and climbs out window onto ledge.) Oh, dear. I am the master of my own bladder. (Crawls along to Leonard’s window, where Leonard and Penny are inside being intimate. Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
I heard a noise.
Why would you knock over a lamp?
Oh! No, she’s right, I don’t need to know what you were doing. Carry on. (Starts to climb back out of window)
Good thinking. Perhaps I’ll check the perimeter and make some warm milk.
Would you like me to bring you some warm milk?
And you don’t wish to alarm me with any more loud noises, very thoughtful. Warm milk, Penny?
Fine. Good night to you, sir. Miss.
I’m fine. Although I’m no longer the master of my own bladder.
My new computer came with Windows 7. Windows 7 is much more user-friendly than Windows Vista. I don’t like that.
Our apartment was broken into, our security system tried to kill me, and as a result, I’m leaving Pasadena forever. Tell me how that’s overreacting.
Oh, if that were only true. Unfortunately, as I’m earthbound for the foreseeable future, I need to find a location that’s more hospitable than the mean streets of Pasadena. Like Enid, Oklahoma. Low crime rate and high-speed Internet connectivity, but no model train shops. Sorry, Enid.
All right. Boone, North Carolina. Every summer since 1952, Boone has hosted an outdoor amphitheater portrayal of the life and times of its namesake, Dan’l Boone. Sounds like something that would attract the wrong crowd. Penny, you’re from Nebraska, correct?
It will take me a few days to get settled. After I do, I will e-mail you detailed PDFs containing diagrams and instructions that will guide you through packing and shipping the rest of my possessions to Bozeman, Montana. In the meantime, please forward my mail.
I sense you’re making a joke, but Bozeman does have a comedy club called The Loony Bin, so do not forward my mail there.
I am moving on. I’m going to be a Bozite.
They should. It’s one of the first things I plan to bring up upon arrival.
Please, Penny, as you know, I’m not comfortable with prolonged good-byes and maudlin displays of emotion, so I prepared a short video.
Greetings. As you know, I’m not comfortable with prolonged good-byes and maudlin displays of emotion, so I prepared this short video. The four of you are three of my closest friends and one treasured acquaintance. Though I cannot state categorically that my life will be diminished by not having you in it, I am comfortable if you choose to believe that. Since you intend to remain in this lawless metropolitan area, statistics suggest that you will succumb to tragic and gruesome ends before we meet again. Live long and prosper.
You might want to lock the door behind me. This isn’t Bozeman.
That is a bracing cold, an invigorating cold. Lord, is it cold!
Thank you, fellow Bozite. And may I say, you are the living embodiment of all the promises made by our lovely town’s Chamber of Commerce. (Man picks up bags and starts running.) Wait! Wait! Excuse me! (At ticket desk) One ticket to Pasadena, California, please.
Interesting. The acquaintance is the first to greet me.
