It doesn’t matter. You can’t possibly win.
Given the cards that have already been played, Penny can only be holding necromancer potions, which are only effective against wraiths and day-walkers, and there are no more of either left to be drawn. The cards remaining in the undrawn stack are four fire weapons, a troll, two ogres and the jewel of Osiris.
From your vantage point, it certainly must seem so.
Photographic is a misnomer. I have an eidetic memory, as I’ve told you many times. Most recently last year during lunch on the afternoon of may seventh. You had turkey and complained it was dry.
June 30th, 2004. Opening day of Spider-man 2 at the AMC Pasadena. They only had red icees, no blue.
You had left the refreshment stand in order to indulge in your customary preemptive pre-show urination.
I’m sorry, no.
Yes, I’ve moved to a four-napkin system. Lap, hands, face and personal emergencies. If you like, starting tomorrow, I’ll add a guest napkin, but I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do for you today. (Leonard steals a napkin) Good luck. That’s the face napkin.
I’d imagine you heard any number of things today. When you arrived at work you undoubtedly heard, hello, Raj, how are you, Raj? Given that you’re wearing a new sweater-vest, you may have heard new sweater-vest? And possibly, though far less likely, nice sweater-vest.
That would probably save us some time.
I’m sorry, Raj, but I have no interest in playing a game in which I find no challenge.
I have money.
How does it different from the money I have?
Do you need it to buy a less disturbing sweater-vest?
Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Betty and Veronica? Ugh.
Thank you. You just robbed me of the opportunity to stumble upon the figurine and make the oh-so-satisfying journey from discovery to desire to possession.
But I must have it.
Thank you. You know, I can buy all these things online. I come here for the personal service.
Excuse me. Are you saying that Wil Wheaton aka Ensign Wesley Crusher on Star Trek:
You don’t understand. Growing up, I idolized Wil Wheaton? Wesley Crusher had an eidetic memory just like me.
I was such a fan that in 1995, I travelled ten hours by bus to a sci-fi convention in Jackson, Mississippi, wearing my Star Fleet Academy cadet uniform in order to meet Wil Wheaton and get him to autograph my mint in-package Wesley Crusher action figure.
My arduous journey, however, was for naught. Although advertised to appear, he did not show up. It was at that moment, I vowed eternal hatred for Wil Wheaton.
It might also interest you to know that Wil Wheaton currently ranks sixth on my all-time enemies list, right between director Joel Schumacher, who nearly destroyed the Batman movie franchise, and Billy Sparks, who lived down the street from me and put dog poop on the handles of my bicycle.
In the words of Khan Noonien Singh in the immortal wrath of Khan, he tasks me, he tasks me and I shall have him.
From hell’s heart, I stab at thee.
My enchanted troll bludgeons your screaming harpy with a cursed mace. Game.
Look at him. Wil Wheaton, my old friend, I have chased you round the moons of Nibia and round the Antares maelstrom and round perdition’s flames!
Silence! How much longer must I wait for my revenge?
So, my path to satisfaction is blocked by lonely Larry and Captain Sweatpants. Very well. They must be destroyed.
Silence!
I play my endless serpent. Raj will play ecstatic frenzy, which means Larry will have to play chaos overlord, then Captain Sweatpants, molten river. I play nightshade dryad, game, set and match. Now fetch me Wil Wheaton! bortaS bIr jablu’DI’ reH QaQqu’ nay’
Underworld guardian. We skirmish to the death.
Luminescence spell.
Fire demon.
Three-headed lion.
Brimstone.
You’re holding two moderate spell cards, a small rock and a potion of Zancor, which will be about as much help as an air conditioner on the ice planet Hoth. Your only move is to play the potion, lose the skirmish, and two moves later, the game.
The year was 1995, the place, Jackson, Mississippi. Having spent ten hours on a bus, during which I had to twice violate my personal rule against relieving myself on board a moving vehicle, I finally arrived at the fourth annual Dixie-Trek convention only to find that my idol Wil Wheaton decided he had better things to do than to show up and sign my action figure.
You betrayed me, Wil Wheaton. Now I have my revenge.
Your mee-maw died? That’s terrible.
No, no, I understand. Anything happened to my mee-maw, I’d be one inconsolable moon pie. I should clarify that statement by explaining that she calls me moon pie.
Oh, yes.
I can’t.
No. I came here to defeat Wil Wheaton, the man who destroyed my dreams. But I can’t defeat Wil Wheaton, the man who loved his mee-maw. Enchanted bunny.
I… I… I don’t understand. Your grandmother’s alive?
Wheaton! Wheaton! Wheaton!
