I’m attempting to view my work as a fleeting peripheral image so as to engage the superior colliculus of my brain.
Is it morning?
Then I’ve been up all night.
Why else would a person try to engage their superior colliculus?
Captain Hook’s hand was eaten by a crocodile, not an alligator. If you’re going to mock me, at least get your facts straight.
I can’t see it! It just won’t coalesce.
You’re right. (Takes whiteboard to window and throws it out. Picks up a new one) It’s a great idea, Leonard. Thank you.
Electrons move through graphene, act as if they have no mass…
Unit cell contains two carbon atoms. Interior angle of a hexagon is 120 degrees.
Structure, constant structure. One atom…
Pattern is the same as fermions, travels on the pathways, hexagonal, it’s always hexagonal…
Not lima beans, carbon atoms.
Peas! Perfect, they can be electrons.
Don’t be ridiculous. What would I do with corn?
The plural of coccyx is coccyges.
Good Lord! You’re ruining everything!
The same thing I’ve been doing for three days. Trying to figure out why electrons behave as if they have no mass when travelling through a graphene sheet.
Well, I needed something bigger than peas, now, didn’t I?
I don’t know, two, three days. Not important. I don’t need sleep, I need answers. I need to determine where in this swamp of unbalanced formulas squatteth the toad of truth.
They lose their sensitivity to serotonin and norepinephrine.
Impaired cognitive function.
But I don’t want to go to bed.
Oh, all right.
Size ratio was all wrong. Couldn’t visualize it. Needed bigger carbon atoms.
Back door has a five-pin tumbler system, single-circuit alarm. Child’s play. You can start sorting protons and neutrons while I build carbon atoms.
But I’m still working.
You can try, but you’ll never catch me. (He disappears under the balls)
Bazinga. (Disappears, pops up in another place) Bazinga. (And again) Bazinga. (And again) Bazinga. (And again) Bazinga.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
I have good news.
Your cell phone was off.
And that didn’t work out, did it?
I came to tell you I’ve got the answer.
No, no, I’m still hopelessly stuck on that, but I figured out how to figure it out.
Einstein.
Albert Einstein.
When Albert Einstein came up with special relativity, he was working at the patent office.
Don’t be absurd. That’s in Washington. You know I could never live in a city whose streets are laid out in a wheel-and-spoke pattern. No. I’m going to find a similarly menial job where my basal ganglia are occupied with a routine task, freeing my prefrontal cortex to work quietly in the background on my problem.
Of course it is. Even talking to you is sufficiently menial that I can feel the proverbial juices starting to flow.
You’re welcome. Good night to you, too. Oh, by the way, I was watching you sleep for a moment, and I noticed that your snoring seems to be worse when you’re on your back.
No, I wasn’t talking to Leonard.
A menial job. Like yours.
I do. For thousands of years, the lowest classes of the human race have spent their lives labouring to erect monuments under the lash of their betters, until finally they dropped down and became one with the dust through which they trudged. Do you have anything like that?
Shouldn’t you check your database?
You didn’t really type.
Oh, that would be good! Sawing, hammering, eating out of a lunch pail as my working-class fellows and I sit perched precariously on a girder high above the metropolis.
I could do that.
One question.
What’s sheetrock?
That seems acceptable.
I don’t drive.
Senior theoretical particle physicist at CalTech, focusing on M theory, or, in layman’s terms, string theory.
Behind you.
I’m trying to get these tables cleared. We’re slammed.
A reasonable question. I asked myself, what is the most mind-numbing, pedestrian job conceivable, and three answers came to mind, uh, toll booth attendant, an Apple Store genius, and what Penny does. Now, since I don’t like touching other people’s coins, and I refuse to contribute to the devaluation of the word genius, here I am.
Oh, heavens, no. Since I don’t need to be paid, I didn’t need to be hired. I simply came in, picked up a tray, and started working for the man. Let me get that plate out of your way.
Is it? Just a moment ago I had a minor epiphany regarding the polymer degradation phenomenon while scraping congealed nachos off a plate. Bernadette, table 10 wants their check.
You’re right. That is more menial. Hello, I’m Sheldon. I’ll be your server today. I don’t recommend the salmon. I saw it in the kitchen.
All right, one bacon cheeseburger, breaking two Jewish dietary restrictions simultaneously, kudos. Beer-battered fish and chips. Now, here’s your tartar sauce. I also brought you salsa. It’s a little unconventional, but I think you’ll like it. It’s zingy. And for you, Factory Burrito Grande, no cheese, no sour cream, no ugly consequences from your lactose intolerance. Bon appétit.
Yes.
Of course.
Nope.
Yep.
I do.
Is that really necessary? Good Lord. The interference pattern in the fracture. The motion of the wave through the molecular structure. I’ve been looking at it all wrong. I can’t consider the electrons as particles. They move through the graphene as a wave. It’s a wave! The moment to applaud would be now. Troglodytes.
I’m sorry. I don’t work here.
