No.
Penny, while I subscribe to the many worlds theory which posits the existence of an infinite number of Sheldons in an infinite number of universes, I assure you that in none of them am I dancing.
The math would suggest that in a few I’m a clown made of candy. But I don’t dance.
It’s Oatmeal Day.
Dear Lord, are you still going to be here on French Toast Day?
Look, Leonard, Penny made French toast.
It’s an iCal download, she can put it right in her phone. And I thought we agreed that you’d have your conjugal visits in her apartment.
I see. Did her abysmal housekeeping skills finally trump her perkiness?
That doesn’t seem likely. Her bed’s of sturdy construction. Even the addition
I want oatmeal.
I’m sure that will happen soon enough. But in the meantime, I still want oatmeal.
I can’t be impossible. I exist. I believe what you meant to say is, “I give up, he’s improbable.”
What am I supposed to do, eat French toast on a Monday? Now, that would be impossible.
You can catch even more flies with manure. What’s your point?
Boy, that does smell good. Too bad it’s Monday.
Easily calculable, we begin by identifying the set of married couples with unisex names. We then eliminate those unqualified for restaurant work, the aged, the imprisoned and the limbless, for example. Next we look at…
I’m sorry. Ooh, Penny, it’s as if the Cheesecake Factory is run by witches.
Well, thank you. How thoughtful. Would you like a chocolate
You said be nice to Penny. I believe offering chocolate to someone falls within the definition of nice.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
You know, I’ve always wanted to go to a goth nighclub.
Bazinga! None of you ever see my practical jokes coming, do you?
Did you? I didn’t notice. Have a chocolate.
And it’s not a cartoon, it’s anime.
You’re here a lot now.
Thank you. Chocolate?
Really?
Very good. Chocolate?
Actually, it turns out I can.
There’s just no pleasing you, is there, Leonard? You weren’t happy with my previous approach to dealing with her, so I decided to employ operant conditioning techniques, building on the work of Thorndike and B.F. Skinner. By this time next week, I believe I can have her jumping out of a pool, balancing a beach ball on her nose.
I’m not suggesting we really make her jump out of a pool. I thought the “bazinga” was implied. I’m just tweaking her personality, sanding off the rough edges if you will.
Are you saying that I’m forbidden from applying a harmless, scientifically valid protocol that will make our lives better?
Bad Leonard.
Obviously, waitressing at the Cheesecake Factory is a complex socioeconomic activity, that requires a great deal of analysis and planning. Bazinga! You know, using positive reinforcement techniques, I could train that behaviour out of her in a week.
If you let me use negative reinforcement, I can get it done before we go to bed.
No, of course not. We’re talking very mild electric shocks. No tissue damage whatsoever.
Oh, come on, you can’t tell me that you’re not intrigued about the possibility of building a better girlfriend.
You mean, like that high-pitched, irritating laugh?
Sheldon You wouldn’t prefer a throaty chuckle?
No, that would be incongruous, I was going to lower the whole voice to a more pleasing register.
Come again?
Freaky?
Have a chocolate.
Well, I’m going to make some warm milk and then turn in. I trust if you two are planning in engaging in amorous activites, you’ll keep the decibel level to a minimum.
Thank you. (Throws a chocolate. Penny catches it in her mouth)
Interesting. Sex works even better than chocolate to modify behaviour. I wonder if anyone else has stumbled on to that.
