Leonard, she’s doing it again.
No. It upsets Sheldon when she willy-nilly takes it from the containers without regard for its equitable distribution. This is essentially why you have famine in India.
Leonard.
Hello.
Wait, no, that’s a false equivalency. More does not equal merry. If there were 2,000 people in this apartment right now, would we be celebrating? No, we’d be suffocating.
Don’t Sheldon me. We ordered for five people, not six.
Oh, sure. And while we’re at it, why don’t we put our hands behind our backs, have an old-fashioned eating contest?
Perhaps there’s hope for you after all.
My mother was right. Hell is real.
Yes. Leonard’s work is nearly as amazing as third graders growing lima beans in wet paper towels. (Raj whispers to him) While I appreciate the oh, snap, I’m uncomfortable having your moist breath in my ear.
Howard?
Your shoes are delightful. Where did you get them?
Bazinga. I don’t care.
That’s not fair. I got stuck behind a tree.
Just need a little more practice.
It’s not about shoes, is it? I don’t think I could go through that again.
Then speak.
All right. (To Raj) Go away. I agree, it’s rude, but she asked for privacy.
A little physics? There’s no such thing. Physics encompasses the entire universe, from quantum particles to supernovas, from spinning electrons to spinning galaxies.
Why can’t Leonard teach you?
Can’t you surprise him in some other way? For example, I’m sure he’d be delightfully taken aback if you cleaned your apartment.
Penny, this would be a massive undertaking, and my time is both limited and valuable.
Okay, point. What sort of foundation do you have? Did you take any science classes in school?
The one with the frogs.
I’m sorry, Penny, I don’t think so.
Interesting. I suppose if someone could teach sign language to KoKo the gorilla, I could teach you some rudimentary physics.
Not likely. KoKo learned to understand over 2,000 words, not one of which had anything to do with shoes.
Research journal, entry one. I’m about to embark on one of the great challenges of my scientific career, teaching Penny physics. I’m calling it Project Gorilla.
Come in. Take a seat. Subject has arrived. I’ve extended a friendly casual greeting.
One moment. Subject appears well-rested and enthusiastic. Apparently, ignorance is bliss. All right, let us begin. Where’s your notebook?
How are you going to take notes without a notebook?
How else are you gonna study for the tests?
Tests. Here. It’s college-ruled. I hope that’s not too intimidating.
You’re welcome. Now, Introduction to Physics. What is physics? Physics comes from the ancient Greek word physika. It’s at this point that you’ll want to start taking notes. Physika means the science of natural things. And it is there, in ancient Greece, that our story begins.
Hush. If you have questions, raise your hand. It’s a warm summer evening, circa 600 BC, you’ve finished your shopping at the local market, or agora, and you look up at the night sky. There you notice some of the stars seem to move, so you name them planetes, or wanderer. Yes, Penny?
This is the beginning of a twenty six hundred year journey we’re going to take together from the ancient Greeks through Isaac Newton to Niels Bohr to Erwin Schrodinger to the Dutch researchers that Leonard is currently ripping off.
Yeah, give or take. As I was saying, it’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece… Yes, Penny?
Can’t you hold it?
Project Gorilla, entry two. I am exhausted.
Now, remember, Newton realized that Aristotle was wrong and force was not necessary to maintain motion. So let’s plug in our 9.8 meters per second squared as A and we get force, Earth gravity, equals mass times 9.8 meters per second per second. So we can see that MA equals MG and what do we know from this?
No, Fig Newtons are named after a small town in Massachusetts. Don’t write that down!
Now, if MA equals MG what does that imply?
How can you not know? I just told you. Have you suffered a recent blow to the head?
I’m sorry. (Smiling) Have you suffered a recent blow to the head?
Really? Of those two explanations, which one seems the most likely?
All right. It’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
Okay! At what point did you begin to feel lost?
Greece.
There’s no need to get frustrated, people learn at different rates. Unlike objects falling in a vacuum, which…? MA equals MG?
No.
No.
Oh!
Why are you crying?
That’s no reason to cry. One cries because one is sad. For example, I cry because others are stupid and it makes me sad.
All right. Leonard is attempting to learn why sub-atomic particles move the way they do.
It’s not. That’s why Leonard does it.
A good question.
And to answer it, we first must ask ourselves, what is physics?
It’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
