This movie baffles me every time we watch it.
Well, the instructions are very clear, don’t feed the gremlins after midnight, don’t get the gremlins wet. How hard is that?
Yes. Since their relationship became carnal, Penny has upgraded his designated term of endearment, thus distinguishing him from those she calls sweetie, usually in an attempt to soften a thinly-veiled insult.
Although, sometimes, she omits the veil entirely.
The parade.
Will you be serving cranberry jelly or cranberry sauce?
You guess? You don’t seem to have much of a handle on this.
I believe it means that the U.S. Government is going to expel him from the country. He could then either return to his native India, emigrate to another country that’s willing to accept him, or wander the high seas as a stateless pirate. Personally, I’d choose pirate.
Another reason to consider a life of piracy. Even today, I understand that’s an all-male profession.
And you’ve continued to take the university’s money under false pretences? Highly unethical for an astrophysicist. Although practically mandatory for a pirate.
Hi, Leonard. Hello, Raj.
Forgive me, as you know, I’m no adept at reading facial cues, but I’m going to take a stab here, you’re either sad or nauseated.
I was going to say sad. I don’t know why I hedged.
Elbow macaroni with ground hamburger and tomato sauce.
Not technically. In Hinduism, cattle are thought to be like God.
I’m sorry.
Understandable. Your entire life seems to be crumbling around you, and your future appears bleak at best.
And you’re wrong about Hinduism and cows.
That’s happy, right?
Nailed it.
Gentlemen.
Raj, did you get the job with Professor Laughlin?
I assumed as much. But never fear. Like the subordinate male protagonist in countless action movies who disappears half way through the second reel, I have returned to save the day. Odd, usually, he’s met by cheers. Anyway, I was thinking about exploring the string theory implications of gamma rays from dark matter annihilations, and it occurred to me that I could benefit…
I’m sorry, if you didn’t cheer at my entrance, it’s too late to buy into the premise. Anyway, I got some extra money from the head of the department, and raj can come work for me.
For me. You’re going to have to listen more carefully when you’re on the job.
For me.
Of course I’m busy.
Yes, please. (After about 30 seconds) How may I help you?
For me.
I’m impressed, Raj. Those are very cogent and reasonable conditions.
I reject them all.
I’m sorry, I believe you’ve misunderstood. I’m not giving you the job. I’m simply affording you the opportunity to apply for it. Have a seat, we’ll get started with the interview.
Please.
So, that’s what you wear to an interview?
Oh, pulling strings, are we?
Bazinga! You’ve fallen victim to another one of my classic practical jokes. I’m your boss now. You may want to laugh at that.
All right, we’re going to be designing an experiment to look for the annihilation spectrum resulting from dark matter collisions in space.
I’m the boss. I make the jokes.
This is not the time for joking. We’re doing serious research, which requires complete and utter focus.
What?
Top desk drawer.
Alright?
Good.
Of course I understand. And who are you to tell me about outer space?
Astro means star.
English is your native language.
There is a fine line between wrong and visionary. Unfortunately you have to be a visionary to see it.
Caca?
All right! First of all, Dr. Koothrappali, when I first proposed that you work with me…
In this context, with me means for me.
Oh! If I’m wrong, prove it.
No, no, no, you’ve misstated the atomic weight of the target.
You’re defacing my work.
Give me the eraser.
I said give it to me.
Fine. (Uses hand as an eraser. Then realises his hand is dirty) Oh, lord. Dr. Koothrappali, as your superior, I forbid you from writing on my board!
I am in every way.
(Knock, knock, knock) Raj. (Knock, knock, knock) Raj. (Knock, knock, knock) Raj.
Doing what? (Performs finger trick again) All right, you’ve made your point.
I looked over the board and it turns out you were right.
I didn’t say that.
Nevertheless, I didn’t say it. Anyway, I would like you to come back and work for me.
In this context for me could mean with me.
I reject them all.
Wait, you have to drive me home.
I walked.
I can’t. There’s a big dog outside. On the way home, we can start thinking about methods of optimizing the detector for 500 GEV particles.
