I don’t know what Arctic expedition you guys were on, but I thought it was a hoot and a half.
Oh, hi mom. No, I told you I’d call you when I got home, I’m not home yet. (Walks through door) Alright, I’m home. The Arctic expedition was a remarkable success, I’m all but certain there’s a Nobel Prize in my future. Actually, I shouldn’t say that. I’m entirely certain. No, mother, I could not feel your church group praying for my safety. The fact that I’m home safe is not proof that it worked, that logic is Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc. No, I’m not sassing you in Eskimo talk.
Mother, I have to go. Yeah, love you. Bye. (To his spot) Hello, old friend. (Sits) Daddy’s home.
I just want you both to know, when I publish my findings, I won’t forget your contributions.
Of course, I can’t mention you in my Nobel acceptance speech, but when I get round to writing my memoirs you can expect a very effusive footnote, and perhaps a signed copy.
Tell me what?
You fellows are planning a party for me, aren’t you?
If there’s going to be a theme, I should let you know that I don’t care for luau, toga or under the sea.
If this is about the night the heat went out, there’s nothing to be embarrassed about.
So we slept together naked. It was only to keep our core body temperatures from plummeting.
Oh, yes. In the world of emoticons, I was colon, capital D.
You tampered with my experiment?
Did Leonard know about this? Leonard’s my best friend in the world. Surely Leonard didn’t know.
Of course it was. The whole plan reeks of Leonard.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
Whispering do not make a sound is a sound.
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Hello, Penny. I realize you’re currently at the mercy of your primitive biological urges, but as you have an entire lifetime of poor decisions ahead of you, may I interrupt this one?
Wolowitz has informed me of your grand deception. Do you have anything to say for yourself?
What’s going on is I was led to believe I was making groundbreaking strides in science, when in fact, I was being fed false data at the hands of Wolowitz, Koothrappali and your furry little boy toy.
That seems like a bit of an overreaction.
Yes, but the actual results are unsuccessful and I’ve already sent an e-mail to everyone at the university explaining that I have confirmed string theory and forever changed man’s understanding of the universe.
You’re right, Leonard, it’s not a big deal. All you did was lie to me destroy my dream and humiliate me in front of the whole university. That, FYI, was sarcasm. I, in fact, believe it is a big deal
About what? Being betrayed by my friends? Spending three months at the North Pole for nothing? And I didn’t even get to go to Comic-Con!
That’s for when I’m sick. Sad is not sick.
I don’t have a sad song. I’m not a child.
Really? Did you just have the Nobel Prize in waitressing stolen from you?
Are you saying that you think a celebration pie is even remotely comparable to a Nobel Prize?
And on a different, but not unrelated topic, based on your current efforts to buoy my spirits, do you truly believe that you were ever fit to be a cheer leader?
I missed Comic-Con and the new Star Trek movie!
Because I am without friends. Like the proverbial cheese, I stand alone. Even while seated.
It’s going to take more than I’m sorry and a store-bought apology pie from Penny to make up for what you’ve done to me.
You see? People have been pointing and laughing at me all morning.
All right, I’ve had enough. Attention, everyone. I’ m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. As many of you in the physics department might know, my career trajectory has taken a minor detour.
My credibility may have been damaged…
But I would like to remind you that in science, there’s no such thing as failure. There once was a man who referred to his prediction of a cosmological constant as the single biggest blunder of his career. That man’s name was, surprise, surprise, Albert Einstein.
Oh, you think you’re so clever. Well, let me just tell you, while I do not currently have a scathing retort, you check your e-mail periodically for a doozy.
Thanks, Mom.
Aw, Mom.
Fed.
Bread.
Grateful.
Plateful.
My objection was based on considerations other than difficulty.
Thank you for carving a smiley face in my grilled cheese sandwich.
They’re not my friends.
That was different. They were threatened by my intelligence and too stupid to know that’s why they hated me.
What are they doing here?
Evolution isn’t an opinion, it’s fact.
I forgive you. Let’s go home.
