Well, it’s very simple. In our ragtag band of scientists with nothing to lose, I’m the smart one, Wolowitz is the funny one, and Koothrappali is the lovable foreigner who struggles to understand our ways and fails. That leaves you, by default, as the muscle.
Of course not. And, technically, magic beans would be food, although eating them would be quite a waste, since you could plant them and overnight have a giant beanstalk, which would provide enough roughage for a small city.
Who’s Adam West? Leonard, what do the two of you talk about after the coitus?
No, what’s sad is that you don’t know Adam West was TV’s Batman.
Fascinating.
It appears to be a Lord of the Rings ring.
It’s not Elvish. It’s the language of Mordor written in Elvish script. One Ring to
Yes, there is. Oh, here’s a fun fact, ketchup started out as a general term for sauce, typically made of, uh, mushrooms or fish brine with herbs and spices. Some popular early main ingredients included blueberry, anchovy, oyster, kidney bean and grape.
If you’re suggesting that that is the actual ring of power forged by Sauron in Mount Doom, I look at you with an expression of exhaustion and ever so slight amusement.
Mine!
Well, yes, but I found it in the box, and the laws of maritime salvage clearly state that the finder of a sunken treasure is the owner of the treasure.
Other than the lack of water, how is it not?
We can’t sell it. We have to keep it and love it and polish it, and only take it out occasionally when we go to the park and re-enact our favourite scenes from the movies.
You mean my ring?
The ring was unguarded, it was just sitting on the table, anyone could have taken it. Proof? I did.
I found it. The ring is mine. I don’t understand why in this group I never get my way.
I’ll stipulate to that if you give me the ring.
Looking for something?
Ow! You hit me! I’m bleeding!
 It’s not the first time. I have a twin sister whose assaults began in utero. If only I’d had the presence of mind to reabsorb her, then I’d have a mole with hair in it instead of a tedious yearly Christmas letter.
You mean this ring? Next time be aware of your surroundings while urinating in a public men’s room.
No, it’s mine.
I would advise the three of you that resistance is futile. I have endless patience. I once spent two-and-a-half hours on hold with Hewlett-Packard customer service just to complain about their customer service.
Excellent, excellent. Tire each other out, the ring will be mine. Howard, why don’t you go after Raj’s mother?
Go ahead. I have no illusions about my mother. She is a kind, loving, religiously fanatical right-wing Texan with a slightly out-of-scale head and a mild Dr. Pepper addiction. Anything you’d like to add?
No! I call no Meemaws.
I don’t want to hear this.
Never.
Stop it!
I said stop it!
Waterfalls!
Waterfalls. Crashing waves. Babbling brooks.
Subliminal messaging. I’m going to make you want to pee. Dripping faucets. Leaky gutter. Peeing.
Oh-ho-ho, it’s working all right. I have to pee.
Wait, just to clarify. When you get to three, do we stand up or do we pee?
Excellent choice.
I’ve done it! I’ve won! The ring is mine! It’s mine! (He runs to the bathroom) We’re going to clean it up and make it pretty. My own. My love. My precious. (He looks in the mirror and has turned into golem. He screams and wakes up, still on the settee.) Where’s the ring?
I knew it. Give us the precious!
