Tears seem appropriate. Enlargement of the heart muscle, or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, is a serious disease which could lead to congestive heart failure.
No, on the contrary. I found the Grinch to be a relatable, engaging character, and I was really with him right up to the point that he succumbed to social convention and returned the presents and saved Christmas. What a buzz kill that was.
Excuse me, but the sun is essential for all life on Earth. Frosty is merely a bit of frozen supernatural ephemera in a stolen hat. A crime, by the way, for which he is never brought to account.
Oh, yes. We had a tree, we had a manger, we had an inflatable Santa Claus with plastic reindeer on the front lawn. And to make things even more jolly, there were so many blinking lights on the house they induced neighbourhood-wide seizures.
I do not. But if you insist on decorating a spider-infested fire hazard in my home I would request that you add this.
You’re kidding, right? It’s a bust of Sir Isaac Newton.
Wait, excuse me, but it’s much more Christmassy than anything you’ve put on the tree.
December 25, 1642, Julian calendar, Sir Isaac Newton is born. Jesus, on the other hand, was actually born in the summer. His birthday was moved to coincide with a traditional pagan holiday that celebrated the winter solstice with lit fires and slaughtered goats. Which, frankly, sounds like more fun than 12 hours of church with my mother followed by a fruitcake.
I sense that’s not sincere, although I have no idea why.
No. Isaac goes at the top of the tree.
I understand. You dispute Newton’s claim that he invented calculus and you want to put Gottfried Leibniz on the top.
Well, perhaps when your mother gets here, she’ll talk some sense into you.
If I can interject here, obviously Leonard is concerned that his mother won’t approve of you as his mate.
If I can interject again. Leonard comes from a remarkably high-achieving family, who have all chosen high-achieving partners. He probably feels that it’s doubtful that his mother will be overly impressed with his dating a woman whose most significant achievement is memorizing the Cheesecake Factory menu.
Leonard, I’m no expert on meditation, but if you’re trying to calm yourself down, I believe the word is Om.
No trouble at all.
My pleasure. For a non-physicist, you have a remarkable grasp of how electric dipoles in the brain’s water molecules could not possibly form a Bose condensate.
August 16th. Right after her carpal tunnel surgery.
You did.
Neither do I, but it’s the social convention.
It’s what we think caused your narcissistic personality disorder. We discussed it at length during our last video chat. Although how we got onto the subject of you is baffling.
My bad. I did send a gift from both of us.
Well, I’m not sure about interesting, but…
Very well. Shall we switch topics to Isaac Newton v. Gottfried Leibniz?
Isn’t she brilliant, Leonard? How I envy you.
September 22nd.
She was old and blind, Leonard. What choice did we have?
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
I didn’t make tea for you. This is my tea.
It’s a conversation starter.
Oh, is it? We’re conversing. Checkmate.
What I want is to be departing the Starship Enterprise in a one-man shuttle craft headed to the planetoid I rule known as Sheldon Alpha Five.
To comfort you, of course. No, that’s not going to work at all, I’ll comfort you from over here. Leonard, what you’re experiencing is a classic Jungian crisis in which the aging individual mourns the loss of the never-to-be realized ideal family unit.
That’s not the comforting part.
No, no. The comforting part is that the Germans have a term for what you’re feeling. Weltschmerz. It means the depression that arises from comparing the world as it is to a hypothetical, idealized world.
Well, the Germans have always been a comforting people. Just remember, Leonard, where your biological family has failed you, you always have me, your surrogate family.
If it’s any consolation, I’m not happy about it either. Good night.
Why is Leonard softly banging his head against his bedroom door?
You’re very welcome.
I don’t blame you. You were intoxicated.
I blame Penny.
Agreed.
