Howard, you know me to be a very smart man. Don’t you think if I were wrong, I’d know it?
I’m not crazy. My mother had me tested.
I did.
Perhaps what Leonard is obliquely referring to is the occurrence of some sort of sexual dysfunction.
Oh, a clever, albeit obsolete, euphemism for insufficient blood flow to the male sex organ.
Origin. Miniseries issue two, page 22. Retractable bone claws. If you people spent less time thinking about sex and more time concentrating on comic books, we’d have far fewer of these embarrassing moments.
Tandoori Palace?
You’re good-naturedly ribbing me, aren’t you?
Why? Why would we change? We had a perfectly good palace. Tandoori Palace is our palace.
I know. As I’m sure you’re aware…
If that’s Morse code, that’s terrible. As I was saying, you and Leonard had a disappointing sexual encounter. Earlier this evening, Leonard characterized it as just fine. So what you’re seeing here is a continuation of the mocking that followed.
I sense I may have crossed some sort of line.
Is this it? It was inappropriate to discuss Leonard and Penny’s sex life in front of Leonard and Penny. (Howard indicates that he has got it.) Oh, good! Now I can eat.
Hang on. Based on the number of chirps per minute and the ambient temperature in this room, it is a snowy tree cricket.
In 1890, Emile Dolbear determined that there was a fixed relationship between the number of chirps per minute of the snowy tree cricket and the ambient temperature. A precise relationship that is not present with ordinary field crickets.
Under the terms of my roommate agreement with Leonard, I’ve had unilateral control of the thermostat ever since the sweaty night of ’06.
Howard, don’t embarrass yourself, the science chirps for itself. Humorous word play.
That is a snowy tree cricket. Oecanthus fultoni. I was done with Latin by fifth grade.
I can’t take your money.
I’ve always found that an inappropriate slur. Chickens are not, by nature, at all timid. In fact, when I was young, my neighbour’s chicken got loose and chased me up the big elm tree in front of our house.
Thank God.
Fair enough. What stake do you propose?
All right, you have a wager.
I don’t see anything.
One at a time. (Same thing happens again. Eventually they leave the apartment. There is a growling noise.) What was that?
Help me open it.
Fine, if you don’t want to proceed, then you forfeit the bet, and I’ll take possession of your Fantastic Four.
Are you bothered that I can so easily manipulate you?
Oh, really? Well, I grew up with an older brother and a very contentious twin sister and I believe I could easily best you in any physical confrontation, be it noogies, swirlies or the classic why are you hitting yourself?
If I were not being careful, your telling me to be careful would not make me careful.
Uh-oh, flashlight went out. I need some batteries. Fellas? Hello? It’s really dark down here.
His name isn’t Toby. Toby is an absurd name for a cricket.
An appropriate cricket name. For example, Jiminy.
Hang on. Voilà, the snowy tree cricket, aka Oecanthus fultoni, which is Latin for I’ll suck nothing. Of course I’m joking because the Latin for that is nihil exsorbibo.
Obviously another carnal fiasco with the shiksi goddess.
Forgive me. Yiddish was not spoken in east Texas. And if it was, it wasn’t spoken for long.
We haven’t established that I’m wrong once.
He’s a snowy tree cricket, and his name is Jiminy. (They leave)
Interesting. You’re afraid of insects and women. Ladybugs must render you catatonic. It was a joke. I made it to lessen your discomfort. You’re welcome
Excuse me, are you Professor Crawley?
I’m Dr. Cooper from the Physics Department.
I’m sorry?
No, no. We’re here, let’s settle this. Professor, can you identify our cricket?
Told you.
No, no, wait. Dr. Crawley, are you sure?
Cruel as that may be, that is not in itself a credential.
Well, apparently, I was wrong. Congratulations.
Old comic book. I just retrieved it from my safe deposit box.
Old comic books. I lost this to Wolowitz in an ill-considered cricket wager.
Penny, I’d rather not talk about it.
Why would that make me feel better?
Yes, yes, the disappointing sex. That’s an inexact parallel. You and Leonard can always return to being friends, whereas I can never return to a state in which Wolowitz has not bested me like Mrs. Riley’s chicken.
A chicken that was owned by Mrs. Riley.
Well, I wish I could.
Of course I’m right What are the odds I’d be wrong twice in one week?
I just said that. This conversation has started to circle. Meeting adjourned.
Hello.
Oh, you’d like to catch up on the events of the day. All right. Well, there was a half-hour wait at the bank to get into my safe deposit box, I was forced to talk to Penny about your sexual problems, and, oh, yes, in a moment filled with biblical resonance, pride wenteth before my fall, causing my Flash 123 to goeth to Wolowitz.
Leonard, it astonishes me how you continually fixate on the trivial. I lost a bet to Wolowitz.
 Yes.
Hardly.
Have I crossed some sort of line again?
Hmm. Oh, who cares?
