Hold.
Explain your sneeze.
Do you have allergies?
Is there too much pepper on your salad?
I’ve heard enough. Sit over there.
That’s what Typhoid Mary said, and clearly, her friends buckled.
Oh, Leonard, I have something for you. Per our roommate agreement, this is your 24-hour notice that I will be having a non-related female spending two nights in our apartment.
Of course. Pets are banned under the roommate agreement, with the exception of service animals, such as seeing eye dogs and, one day, cybernetically-enhanced helper monkeys.
Sarcasm?
For your information, I’ll be playing host to Dr. Elizabeth Plimpton.
Yes. And until you acquire a surgical mask, please address your comments to me through a napkin. We’ve been corresponding for years about our mutual interest in gravitational wave signatures of inflatons in the early universe. And now she’s under consideration for a position at our university.
I didn’t realize I was obligated to share my connection with things you’re a fan of, but very well. You enjoy Canadian bacon. I’ve been to Toronto.
My room, of course.
Go ahead.
A, I rarely kid. And B, when I do kid, you will know it by my use of the word bazinga.
Yes. Bazinga. Leonard?
Well, she doesn’t care for hotels. And who can blame her? Windows that don’t open, multi-user linens, keys shaped like credit cards, as if one walks around with unassigned slots in one’s wallet. All right, I believe I have time for one more question. Yes, Raj?
When I’ve seen two consecutive negative throat cultures spaced 12 hours apart. You know the drill. All right, if you’ll excuse me, I am off to start a prophylactic course of antibiotics.
Oh, Penny, excellent. I have a question about these maxi pads. Are the wings truly functional or have I fallen victim to marketing hype?
The stock boy at Walgreens was frustratingly uninformed on the subject.
I have a lady friend who will be staying with me for a few days.
I want her to feel at home. I also bought scented soaps, pantyhose, Midol, calcium chews and what is apparently a yogurt specifically designed to regulate the female bowel.
Yes. Why does that seem to flabbergast everybody?
A word of warning. My guest is a noted physicist and the leading expert on quantum cosmology, so please try to avoid wasting her time with female jibber jabber.
Shoe sales, hair styles, mud masks, gossip about your friends Brad and Angelina.
I’m not surprised, considering the way you talk about them behind their backs.
Oh, good grief. This isn’t about you. Coming! Now listen, one of the great minds of the 21st century is about to play host to one of the other great minds of the 21st century. So pay attention. Years from now, my biographer might ask you about this event.
Hello.
I would imagine it is. This is my friend and roommate, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.
I apologize. He’s only an experimental physicist.
No, she’s my guest. If anyone should offer her anything, it should be me. Elizabeth, can I get you something? Perhaps a feminine hygiene product or a bowel-regulating yogurt?
Excellent. If the yogurt works, I bought some delightful scented candles.
No, he doesn’t understand. I understand.
You’re just misappropriating my understanding.
From the mind that brought you hi-lo. Let me show you to your room.
Get it together, man.
All right, let me show you some of the features of the room. First, windows. Conventional. Open, closed, open, closed, halfway open, or halfway closed, depending on your philosophical bent. Over here is my comic book collection. Feel free to browse. There’s a box of disposable reading gloves on the night stand.
The Original Series on a high-density flash drive.
Then there’s really no reason to live, is there?
He’s an odd duck, isn’t he?
Well, there was a misbegotten adventure with a waitress who lives across the hall. It ended as inexplicably as it began. They had very little in common, except for carnal activity. That’s why I acquired these noise-cancelling headphones. If you decide to use them, please clean the ear pieces afterwards with the Wet Wipes you’ll find in the bathroom. They’re in the drawer labelled Wet Wipes.
Good. I’ll leave you to your night time ablutions. I’ve e-mailed you the morning bathroom schedule. You’ll also find a laminated copy in your welcome packet. It’s on the back of the emergency escape route diagram.
Sleep well, my friend.
Oh, let me just get one thing. It’s my backup emergency supply kit. The living room escape route doesn’t pass through here. Now, good night. And if there’s an apocalypse, good luck.
Vocal test. Morning vocal test. Second vocal test. Second morning vocal test.
Morning.
Morning. I trust you had a pleasant night.
Excuse me, I’m going to relieve myself.
Pee for Houston, pee for Austin, pee for the state my heart got lost in. And shake twice for Texas.
All right, Elizabeth, the bathroom is yours. The seat is down, and has been sanitized for your protection.
Ah, so the yogurt didn’t work. I’ll fire off a critical e-mail to the manufacturer.
Did you once again ignore your check engine light?
Leonard, Penny wants to exploit any residual feelings you have for her in order to get a ride to work.
Wonderful. Meaningless pleasantries accomplished. Elizabeth, Leonard’s bathroom time is coming up, and believe me, you do not want to follow him.
Excuse me. I’m uncomfortable with you recommending that Leonard pursue having intercourse with Dr. Plimpton, who I assure you has better things to do.
That’s preposterous. Tell her, Leonard.
No.
The implication being that you somehow tripped and fell into her lady parts?
I must say, I’m shocked by this betrayal.
Not Penny, me!
Elizabeth’s my friend, and you’re playing with her!
Dr. Plimpton, I’d like you to meet my colleagues, Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali
And not-a-doctor Howard Wolowitz.
And of course, you’ve already introduced yourself to Dr. Hofstadter.
