Oh, Research Lab is more than a game. It’s like the slogan says, the physics is theoretical, but the fun is real.
Oh! Great roll! Now you can demolish your Soviet-style cyclotron and build the large Hadron Collider.
You’re a natural at this, Penny. And as the first beta testers, you two’ll have quite the edge when we play with Wolowitz and Koothrappali on Sunday.
Why not?
Pay attention, Leonard. That’s why she can’t play on Sunday.
Your turn, Leonard.
Roll the dice, Leonard.
Come on, Leonard, if you roll a six, Penny dies horribly in a nuclear meltdown. See what I mean when I say the fun is real?
I’ll just roll for you.
Uh-oh! Industrial accident.
You accidentally stare at a helium-argon laser. Lose one turn and a retina.
It’s also your roll.
Has your relationship reached its inevitable ugly end?
Look on the bright side. As the result of Penny’s forfeit, you have become the world’s first winner of Research Lab. Would you like a commemorative snow cone?
Hey, I thought of a game we can play in the car.
It’s called Scientists. Now, I will name three scientists, then you will put them in order of the size of their contribution to their respective fields. To make this game even more compelling, you must consider only the contribution of the man to the field, not the validity of the field itself. For example, Abu Musa Jabir ibn Hayn made a greater contribution to the discredited field of alchemy than Halbert Vanderplatt made to neurobiology. Okay, ready to have some fun?
All right, I’ll start with an easy one, um, Isaac Newton, Madame Curie and Niels Bohr.
Hint, Madame Curie had her husband to help her.
Leonard! Stop the car!
I can’t listen to the two of you fight anymore.
Come on, come on, we’re late.
I believe my alarm is appropriate, given the situation. The movie starts in 17 minutes, which means we’ll need to make all the lights on Colorado Boulevard, plus skip the concession stand, and preshow urination.
Go, go, Power Rangers, go!
No, we’re not. We’re standing in the hallway, suffering through an awkward encounter.
All right, invitation pointlessly offered, invitation declined as expected, everyone’s civil, nobody’s fighting. Have a nice evening.
Leonard, when that woman moved in three years ago I told you not to talk to her, and now look, we’re going to be late for the movies.
Got it.
Stop it, both of you. All this fighting, I might as well be back with my parents! Damn it, George, I told you if you didn’t quit drinkin’ I’d leave you! Well, I guess that makes you a liar, ’cause I’m drunk as hell and you’re still here! Stop yelling! You’re making Sheldon cry! I’ll tell you what’s making Sheldon cry! That I let you name him Sheldon.
This is a restaurant. It’s lunchtime. I would think, as a waitress, you’d be familiar with the paradigm.
No, I believe Leonard is waiting for you to come crawling back to him and apologize.
I assumed that would be your attitude. Hence, my true purpose in coming here.
I want you to crawl back to him and apologize.
Excuse me, miss. I’d like to order lunch.
I have a few questions. First, I notice that you offer soup and a half-sandwich?
Where exactly does the half-sandwich come from? Are you giving me half of someone else’s sandwich, or do I have to wait for someone else in the restaurant to order the other half?
You can’t make a half-sandwich. If it’s not half of a whole sandwich, it’s just a small sandwich.
Of course not. I’ll have my usual.
Aren’t you going to ask me if I want a beverage?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, I want you to apologize to Leonard.
Irrelevant. The disruption in your relationship is making my life intolerable.
I don’t follow.
All right, let’s assume, ad argumentum, that in this case, Leonard is wrong.
Considering the number of transgressions you’ve committed that he’s overlooked, don’t you think that, just this once, you could return the favour?
Were you under the impression that Leonard has no complaints about you?
Your driving, the plethora of stuffed animals on your bed that stare at him during your amorous activities, your constant tardiness, your singing.
That’s actually from my list, but Leonard would be a fool if he didn’t agree with it.
Because, according to him, you’re oversensitive and have a temper.
And she wonders why she’s constantly undertipped.
Oh, good, you’re home. I need you to do me a favour.
Go apologize to Penny.
Right now would be good.
Although, a few minutes ago would have been better.
(Knock, knock, knock) Raj. (Knock, knock, knock) Raj. (Knock, knock, knock) Raj.
Don’t flatter yourself. I’m just ignoring you.
I’ve heard that before, but then, the next thing you know I’m hiding in my bedroom, blaring a Richard Feinman lecture while my mom is shouting that Jesus would forgive her if she put ground glass in my dad’s meatloaf, and my dad’s on the roof skeet-shooting her Franklin Mint collectible plates.
Really? Where’s your friend Justin going to sleep?
I want that one.
Can I get this comic book, too?
I should have asked for much more than a comic book and a robot.
