Actually, he might have to. There’s an economic concept known as a positional good in which an object is only valued by the possessor because it’s not possessed by others. The term was coined in 1976 by economist Fred Hirsch to replace the more colloquial, but less precise neener-neener.
In pre-1976 terms, neener-neener.
Given that Saint Valentine was a third century Roman priest who was stoned and beheaded, wouldn’t a more appropriate celebration of the evening be taking one’s steady gal to witness a brutal murder?
Professor Norton, although, God knows why. He hasn’t published anything of note since he won that Nobel Prize.
In Switzerland or with the big-boobed weather girl?
This is incredible! I’m so happy, I’m not even going to question their judgment in picking you. I’m just going to run home and start packing.
Of course, my good friend. Come in. Help me out, which ski hat says après supercollider?
Well, of course you are. Who else would you take?
What? That’s absurd. Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
But Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
Sorry? I’ve been dreaming about going to the Large Hadron Collider since I was nine years old.
Shame on you! That’s no dream for a scientist!
Not so fast. You might want to hold off on lighting your rabeliechtli, Penny.
Rabeliechtli. It means turnip light and refers to a traditional lantern hand-carved from a root vegetable and used to celebrate certain Swiss festivals. Which you will not be celebrating because, A, these festivals occur in the fall, and B, you will not be going to Switzerland.
Afraid not. Do you recognize this?
Indeed, the roommate agreement. I call your attention to the Friendship Rider in Appendix C, Future Commitments. Number 37, in the event one friend is ever invited to visit the Large Hadron Collider, now under construction in Switzerland, he shall invite the other friend to accompany him.
He can’t kill me, even if I turn.
No, that seemed a little farfetched.
I’ve lived up to all my commitments under the agreement. At least once a day I ask how you are, even though I simply don’t care. I no longer stage spontaneous biohazard drills after 10 pm And I abandoned my goal to master Tuvan throat singing.
I’d be much further along if I’d been allowed to practice.
Is that your final decision?
Very well.
All right. This game is called Traitors. I will name three historical figures, you put them in order of the heinousness of their betrayal. Benedict Arnold, Judas, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.
You’re right. Judas had the decency to hang himself after what he did.
Round two, Leonard Hofstadter, Darth Vader, Rupert Murdoch.
He owns Fox, and they cancelled Firefly. Hint, he and Darth Vader are tied for number 2.
Morning, old chum.
I’ve made you breakfast. Juice, coffee, and pancakes in the shape of some of your favorite fictional characters. See, here’s Frodo.
Yeah, I used coconut shavings to do the hair on his feet. If you need to void your bladder before eating, I can keep them warm with this beret that I thoroughly laundered and pressed into service as a pancake cosy.
It’s by way of an apology for my recent behaviour. I’ve had some time to reflect and I’ve come to realize that friendship is not an aggregation of written agreements. It’s a result of two people respecting and caring for each other. Butterscotch scone?
What you’re tasting is respect and affection. And about a pound of Crisco. After you’ve finished breakfast, I thought we could spend the day watching the final season of Babylon 5 with director commentary.
I do. It fails as drama, science fiction, and it’s hopelessly derivative. But you like it, and you’re my friend.
Drat. No Frodo for you.
Hello.
Alright, let’s dispense with the friendly banter, I believe you know why I’m here.
Yes, amusing. Extraordinary intelligence might well appear extraterrestrial to you, but let me be more specific. I believe you know why I’m here in the laundry room.
It’s actually not bad. But my true purpose in being here will be revealed in this brief PowerPoint presentation. Lights. Why Sheldon Cooper, PhD, should go to Switzerland to see the CERN supercollider. A PowerPoint presentation by Sheldon Cooper, PhD.
Here we have a highly gifted researcher in the field of particle physics whose work has brought him to the precipice of forever changing mankind’s understanding of the universe. AKA me. And here we have a waitress brushing her teeth with her finger. AKA you.
Please hold all questions to the end of the presentation. This is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Switzerland, the product of decades of planning and construction. It is a Mecca for physicists the world over. This is Bath and Body Works on Colorado Boulevard. They sell scented soaps and lotions, some of which contain glitter. Now, let’s see if we can match the individual to the appropriate destination.
No, it’s not. I’ve got five more slides.
Very well. Enjoy yourself. You’re going to be in the presence of something that I’ve dreamed of seeing for decades. I just hope you’ll be able to appreciate the magnitude of where you are and what it represents.
You will?
Oh, Penny, thank you!
Since I rarely hug, I’m relying on your expertise regarding duration.
Oh, good. Bye-bye.
All right, my friend. Would you like some cholermus?
Cholermus. It’s a traditional Swiss breakfast dish. I’m preparing my gastrointestinal system for the exotic cuisine of Switzerland.
Oh, but I am. Didn’t Penny tell you the good news?
Yes, that good news.
Howard, could you lower the lights? I have a short PowerPoint presentation.
That’s a somewhat ambiguous response. Am I going or not?
Really?
Well then, you leave me no alternative. From this moment forward, we can be roommates, but we will no longer be friends.
I don’t think you’re fully aware of the ramifications here, Leonard.
With the friendship clause of our roommate agreement nullified you are no longer entitled to accompany me to go swimming at Bill Gates’ house should I be invited.
Great. I’ll start packing. In a minute. (Vomits again) Oh, look, it’s the cholermus.
Chicken?
With the little stars?
Heated to 180 degrees?
You don’t have to be mean. I’m sick.
Not my problem. I just don’t understand how this happened to me. I’m scrupulous about my hygiene. I regularly disinfect my hands, and I avoid contact with other people on general principle.
It’s you! I touched you!
