Uh-oh.
I was going to get my mail.
I think you mean telekinetically. And no, I just wasn’t sure of the proper protocol now that you and Leonard are no longer having coitus.
Well, we could if it were true. But as you live in the same building, you see each other all the time. The variable which has changed is the coitus.
Good, good. I’m glad we’re still friends.
Oh, yes. It was a lot of work to accommodate you in my life. I’d hate for that effort to have been in vain.
Just to be clear do I have to stop saying coitus with everyone or just you?
Harsh terms. But all right, I’ll just substitute intercourse.
Or fornication. Yeah. But that has judgmental overtones, so I’ll hold that in reserve.
Well, my existence is a continuum, so I’ve been what I am at each point in the implied time period.
Bazinga.
He seems all right. Although he does spend a disturbing amount of time looking at photographs of you and smelling the pillow you slept on. Oh, but now that I think of it, he asked me not to tell you that.
I’d rather you pretend I didn’t say it. I see you bought Mama Italia marinara spaghetti sauce.
That’s the sauce my mother uses. She likes cooking Italian because according to her, that’s what the Romans made Jesus eat.
I’m hungry now.
Will you cut up hot dogs into little chunks and mix them in with the sauce?
Oh, it’s all right, I do. Oh! You’re in for what my mother calls a real Eye-talian treat. (Enters apartment).
I was talking with Penny.
Is he making any progress? Because I’d like to erase Ben Affleck as Daredevil.
Which one picks last?
Well, usually I’m on the team that picks last. Unless there’s a kid in a wheelchair.
Well, of course I’m hungry. And as I have no plans to eat with any other team, I will consume my tangerine chicken with the appropriate gusto. Mm, mm, mm!
Just out of curiosity, do we still have hot dogs?
Just making dinner conversation. Go, Team Leonard!
Certainly. It’s not like I have to moderate my food intake because I’m planning on eating again very shortly. Mm, mm, mm!
Excuse me, I’m thirsty, so I’m going to go to the refrigerator and get myself a refreshing beverage.
Ah, I do so love beverages. Now I think I’ll take my after-dinner walk.
I read a study online that walking after a meal not only aids in digestion, but increases serotonin, and you know me, if there’s one thing I like more than a refreshing beverage, it’s serotonin. Bye-bye.
Oh, that’s not necessary. You can go first.
I can’t think of a reason why not.
Hold on. Nope, no reason.
All right, say hello to your mother for me.
What?
I didn’t say outside.
No, of course not. That would be odd and suspicious behavior.
Which way are you going?
I’m going the other way. Bye.
No. I mean, I have no idea what you smell.
Perhaps you’re getting a brain tumour.
I shall. Have a nice scoot.
Oh. Hello, doggie. Nice doggie. I bet you think you smell hot dogs. Look, a cat!
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Long pause, knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Penny opens door. A dishevelled Sheldon is holding up one hot dog.) Here. I had to trade the others for my life.
Mmm, mmm, mmm. That’s Eye-talian.
Oh, yes. In fact, he said, I’m fine, I don’t care. And he in no way said it in a manner which would lead one to believe that he was covering up feelings of anguish and betrayal.
I’m also pleased to report that he’s all cried out over you.
Oh, I believe that was something else I wasn’t supposed to mention.
Do you have a stomach ache, too?
No.
Just making polite dinner conversation. Your turn.
Well, my new shoes are not made for running.
No. It’s just a suspicion I have. Mmm, mmm, mmm.
I do. Leonard never cooks for me.
You can’t cook and you made me this.
Oh, Lord, I’m in Jewish hell.
I told you, walking.
I got lost.
Satellites are down. Solar flares.
Yes, there are.
I’m sorry. I misspoke. What I meant to say was my battery died.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
Maybe this isn’t a good time.
Do you really think death threats are an appropriate way to begin this conversation? Sometimes your lack of social skills astonishes me.
You may want to sit down.
Point taken. You may want to sit up.
I’ve been seeing Penny behind your back.
We had dinner last night. She made me spaghetti with little hot dogs cut up in it. Well, little hot dog. I gave up the other five hot dogs to a real dog. A real, big dog. A hell hound. Tangential to the primary story. How about I circle back to it?
I told you, she made spaghetti with little hot dogs. I like spaghetti with little hot dogs.
I didn’t want to upset you. Howard made it very clear that my allegiance should be to male comrades before women who sell their bodies for money.
Yes, but I rephrased it to avoid offending the hos.
Oh. Well, so the emotional turmoil that’s been keeping me from achieving REM sleep was entirely unjustified?
Well then as my meemaw would say, looks like we butchered a pig, but nobody wanted bacon.
And now, as promised, the tangent. Sheldon and the Hell Hound, or How I Lost My Hot Dogs.
We stayed for the California Adventure water show. It was pure Disney magic.
It’s all right. I’ll see it again with you.
I can still eat.
Okay, but just don’t fight
Thank you, Penny.
No, Goofy, no.
