Sheldon’s log, stardate 63345.3. While my colleagues are off observing the Leonid meteor shower, I have remained behind to complete my paper on the decays of highly excited massive string states. Although my research is going well I do miss the warmth of human companionship. (He laughs)
And good evening to you, Siam Palace. This is Sheldon Cooper. Yeah, I’m going to be dining alone this evening, so I’ll be reducing my usual order. I’d like to start with one quarter of the assorted appetizers plate and, uh, one half of the golden treasure for two. Oh, for heaven’s sake, in the mid-18th century, King Rama IV of Siam divided a huge empire amongst the colonial powers of Europe in order to preserve his throne. Surely, you, his cultural descendant, can handle pad thai and dumplings.
I need to go, but you keep in mind that my sharply worded comments on yelp.com recently took down a local muffin store. (At Penny’s door, knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny..
Penny?
(At Penny’s bedroom door, knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny..
Shall I come back at a better time?
Hello.
Not surprising. You have no safety mat or adhesive stickers to allow for purchase on a surface with a low coefficient of static friction.
Tubs are slippery.
I have a series of whimsical duck stickers on the bottom of my tub.
They’re holding umbrellas.
The ducks in my tub.
They’re whimsical because ducks have neither the need for, nor the ability to use umbrellas.
Well, assuming you’re correct that your right humerus is no longer seated in the glenoid socket, I would certainly think so.
I don’t drive.
Well, it seems we’ve reached an impasse.
But I could call you a cab or an ambulance.
All right. Let it never be said that Sheldon Lee Cooper ignored the pleas of a damsel in distress.
Well, it does seem rather ironic that for want of 99-cent adhesive ducks, we both might die in a fiery car crash.
I see no organizational system in here whatsoever. Which panties do you wear on Mondays?
My mother always told me one should wear clean underpants in case one is in an accident.
That doesn’t mean one won’t be in another, especially if I’m driving.
Okay, here.
All right.
We should have you checked for a concussion.
All right.
Don’t look?
Oh. Well, that’s understandable. You may be interested to know that a prohibition against looking is well established in heroic mythology. Uh, Lot and his wife, Perseus and Medusa, Orpheus and Eurydice.
They always look. It never ends well.
Ok.
It doesn’t feel like an arm.
All righty.
For the record, I should let you know this is my first time driving an actual motor vehicle.
Yes, and I have logged a considerable number of hours on a simulator.
Didn’t work out well.
One moment. According to my driver’s ed book, a side mirror is properly adjusted when a portion of the is driver’s door handle is visible in the lower right corner. There’s the handle. Oh, no, too far, bringing it back. Optimized. Now, where is the switch to adjust the passenger side mirror?
Where is the passenger side mirror?
Yes. As soon as I adjust my seat. Whee! Oh, dear. I’m going to have to start again.
Oh, I think we’re going sufficiently fast. What’s that?
That can’t be nothing, the check engine light is on. We need to find a service station.
All the more reason to consult with a mechanic before it explodes.
Mr. Spock did not pilot the Enterprise. He was the science officer, and I guarantee you that if he ever saw the Enterprise’s check engine light blinking, he would pull the ship over immediately.
Oh, oh, red light, release accelerator and slowly apply the brake. Nailed it. While we have a moment, may I ask you a question?
Why do you have the Chinese character for soup tattooed on your right buttock?
No, it isn’t. But I suppose it does take courage to demonstrate that kind of commitment to soup.
Sorry. As I told you, the hero always peeks.
All right, there’s no need to bark at me. According to the inexplicably irritable nurse behind the desk, you’ll be seen after the man who claims to be having a heart attack, but appears to be well enough to play Doodle Jump on his iPhone. We have to fill these out. Describe illness or injury.
All right. And how did the accident occur?
Cause of accident, lack of adhesive ducks. Okay, medical history. Have you ever been diagnosed with diabetes?
Kidney disease?
Migraines?
Are you currently pregnant?
Are you sure? You look a bit puffy.
When was your last menstrual period?
I’ll put, in progress. Okay, moving to psychiatric disorders, list all major behavioural diagnoses, e.g. depression, anxiety, etcetera.
Episodes of sub psychotic rage.
Possible Tourette’s. All right, moles, lesions or other skin conditions. Soup tattoo on right buttock.
I’m sorry. There, there. Everything’s going to be fine. Sheldon’s here.
Now remember, you were given powerful pain medication and a muscle relaxer, so, uh, don’t operate heavy machinery. Try not to choke on your own drool.
Yes. The charm of your drug addled candour knows no bounds.
That’s a fairly laboured metaphor, but I appreciate the sentiment behind it.
“Soft Kitty” is for when you’re sick. You’re not sick.
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur…
