Excuse me. You’re misusing the word ho. It’s an interjection used to call attention to a destination, not an object, as in, uh, Land, ho! Or, uh, Westward, ho!
Well, actually, the risk of throat cutting is very low. On the other hand, severe string burn is a real and ever-Present danger.
I’m sorry, I got bored and drifted off. Where exactly in the interaction did the sucking lie?
Oh, that certainly would suck.
Wolowitz is trying to outflank us. Let out some string, add altitude and I’ll go under and cut his line.
Focus, Leonard, focus! The heat of battle is upon us, the dogs of war are unleashed.
You’re embarrassing me right now, a grown man worrying about such nonsense when in the middle of flying kites.
Sorry won’t bring their kites down. Ow! String burn! String burn!
Victory!
Well, her actions could be out of concern for your feelings. Perhaps she’s excluded you from these gatherings because she’s scouting for a new mate and doesn’t want to do it in front of you.
Agreed. Most primates don’t show that sort of discretion. A female bonobo will copulate with a new male in front of the old one without so much as a how do you do?
I’m sorry, Raj, but the rules of aerial warfare dictate at the fallen kite go to the victor. And without rules, the competition has no meaning. And without meaning, the following would be an empty gesture. (Sings) I have your kite. I have your kite.
It’s football nomenclature for when a quarterback is tackled behind the line of scrimmage.
The line of scrimmage is the imaginary transverse line separating the offence from the defence.
I grew up in Texas. Football is ubiquitous in Texas. Pro football, college football, high school football, peewee football, in fact, every form of football except the original, European football, which most Texans believe to be a Commie plot.
If you’re interested, I also know all about frying meat that isn’t chicken as if it were chicken.
Football or chicken-fried meats?
If you want to blend in with Penny’s friends, I’d think looking like an idiot would be the perfect camouflage.
That’s exactly what my father said. Come to the games, watch the games, week in and week out from the time I was five until I went off to college. Longest seven years of my life.
Are you making this a tier one friendship request?
Fine.
Yeah, yeah. All right, Poindexter, sit down, shut up and listen.
That’s how my father always began our football conversations. And if you’d like, after the game, I’ll take you outside and teach you how to shoot close enough to a racoon that it craps itself.
When I have enough to destroy all the human toast on the battlestar known as Galactica. Is that what you’re wearing to watch football at Penny’s?
Nothing. That, however, appears to be a football cocktail dress.
Oh, yes. Canine football fans are a common sight in Texas. Cats, however, refuse to wear sporting apparel. My sister found that out the hard way.
Leonard, wait. Am I correct in assuming that your attempt to be accepted by Penny’s peers is based on your desire to ensure your continuing mating privileges with her?
How would you put it?
Huh. Seems like an awful lot of trouble to go through for intercourse. Don’t you have access to women who will do it for money? By the way, another accepted usage for the term ho.
Hold on I believe that social convention dictate you not arrive empty-Handed. Would you like to bring some Cylon toast?
What’s funny about Cylon toast?
(Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Thank you. I’d like to make a sandwich, but I’m out of bread.
You shouldn’t keep your bread in the refrigerator. Staleness is caused by crystallization of the starch molecules, which occurs faster at cool temperatures.
So Leonard, how goes the mimesis?
You know. Mimesis. An action in which the mimic takes on the properties of a specific object or organism. Mimesis.
I’m attempting to communicate with you without my meaning becoming apparent to those around you. Let me try again. Have the indigenous fauna accepted you as one of their own? Nudge, nudge, wink, wink.
Good. Oh, FYI. After I eat my sandwich, I’m taking Koothrappali’s Patang kite out for a test run. Would you like to get your delta-wing raptor and join me?
I can see that. I was providing you with an alternative. A courtesy I was never offered in similar circumstances.
