I don’t understand. What other kind of women are there?
Detailed analysis posted online.
It is great, isn’t it? We have a wonderful evening ahead of us.
Oh, yes. I just discovered I don’t have enough room on my hard drive for a Linux partition, so you and I are going to perform a full backup, reinitialize and then reinstall all my operating systems.
All right. Well, I’m going to perform full backup, reinitialize and then reinstall all my operating systems.
Well, I understand there are several types of artificial women. Maybe you should look into that.
I’m sorry, Raj, I have no desire to salute any article of clothing tonight. Much less one that’s linked to race riots in the 1940s.
The zoot suit riots.
I don’t need anything at the Galleria. Do you need anything at the Galleria?
That’s a semantically null sentence.
Well, that’s certainly amusing, but I have no interest.
If outside is so good, why has mankind spent thousands of years trying to perfect inside?
Let me offer you a compromise. Sometimes when I feel stifled and want a change of scenery, I use my imagination.
One of my favourite places to visit is the two-dimensional world described in Edwin Abbott’s mathematical fantasy, Flatland.
You’re only saying that because you haven’t been there. I am now a hexagon in two-dimensional space and can only perceive the edges of other objects.
Is that you, Raj? I don’t recognize your edge.
Well, you’re in luck, there’s a mixer here in Flatland. Oh, look, there’s a sexually attractive line segment, you should chat her up.
Tell her you’re a circle, Flatland gals are all hot for circles.
Thanks for giving me your limited edition Green Lantern lantern.
What if evil strikes and my power ring runs low?
I don’t drink.
I would like a root beer float.
They don’t? Well, apparently, these people and I differ greatly on the definition of party.
And don’t be chintzy with the Shirley.
All right. There’s a female.
But she’s female. Isn’t that the game?
Oh, yes. So, the point of this exercise is for you to find someone to copulate with?
Thank you. And what is my function as wingman?
Okay. What is your game?
When I lie through my teeth to a woman, you nod and agree.
It’s a limited edition Green Lantern lantern. My friend is looking for someone to copulate with.
I’m Sheldon. How do you do?
I thought your father was a gynaecologist. I’m sorry. (Smiles and nods)
Hello.
In brightest day, in darkest night, no evil shall escape my sight.
Thank you. Have you chosen one to copulate with?
We scored. I’m the wingman.
The dog… koira. The roof… katto. Grapes… ryp leet. (There is a knock on the door) One minute. Sis  n.
It means come in. It’s taking forever to load the new operating system on my computer. I disinfected the kitchen and the bathroom, and now I thought I’d learn Finnish.
I don’t say anything. I merely offer you a facial expression that suggests you’ve gone insane.
Yes, exactly, I had a great time. That’s done, I’ve moved on to other things. For example, after I learn Finnish, I’m not going to learn Finnish again.
Raj, I highly doubt there is any argument you can make, threat you might levy, rhetorical strategy, plea, invocation, supplication, or… vetoomus that you can employ that would convince me to reconsider.
Oh, my. I’ve admired these for years.
Hulk agree to second date with puny humans!
Hulk sad.
You know, I had never considered that. Wow, that’s going to completely change my visits there. Well, it’s late.
Time for bed.
Good night, puny human! (He gets up and leaves).
Yes?
Well, I suppose. Come in. I’ll sleep in Leonard’s room. Good night.
