I should’ve brought an umbrella.
I know that, but with skin as fair as mine, moon burn is a real possibility.
One of my best, don’t you think?
Leonard, Leonard. What is that? What is that?
How on earth can you say dirty sock and relax in the same sentence?
Not my world.
I wasn’t aware that lunar ranging was her thing. Although, I suppose the retro-reflector left on the moon by Neil Armstrong does qualify as a shiny object.
I fail to see how a relationship can have the qualities of a geographic location.
Thank you. Raj, keep an eye out for the other one.
Hello.
Yes. In 1917, when Albert Einstein established the theoretic foundation for the laser in his paper Zur Quantentheorie der Strahlung, his fondest hope was that the resultant device be bitchin’.
See, now this is a man for Penny.
No, it’s not.
Well it’s not a great question. How could somebody possibly think we’re going to blow up the moon? That’s a great question.
Make it so.
I was wrong. Penny can do better.
He must be very skilled at coitus.
I can’t bring the nitrogen tank down.
All right, let me restate that. It’s very heavy, and I don’t want to.
Thank you. Lift with your knees, not your back. Good night.
What’s going on?
Oh! Not this again.
In what universe is this low-pulp? Good morning, Penny.
When one gets beaten up every other day in school, one of necessity develops a keen sense of hearing. Incidentally, one can get beaten up in school simply by referring to oneself as one. I’m making English muffins. Would you like an English muffin?
FYI, my noise-cancelling headphones proved ineffective last night.
As a native Texan, I must say I’ve never heard the phrase yee-haw used in quite that context.
Oh, God. That I’ve heard on multiple occasions. In what universe is that lightly toasted? This has to be the worst day of my life. Good morning, Leonard.
Counting this instance? 317.
She returned to her apartment. I presume to shower and vomit. Not necessarily in that order.
Are you expecting me to offer an explanation of human behaviour?
I have no difficulty believing you’re not butter.
Who’s going to tell whom about what?
Your surprise confuses me. I live here.
Be more specific.
That’s not afternoon. That’s preevning.
It’s a time of day I invented. It better defines the ambiguous period between afternoon and evening. Preevning. I’m fairly certain it will catch on as it fills a desperate need.
Well, tomorrow’s Saturday. Saturday night is laundry night, so I’ll be spending the preevning pre-sorting and pre-soaking.
I would snort in derision and throw my arms in the air, exhausted by your constant tomfoolery.
Please. Even assuming you could answer any question the way I would, the algorithms used by matchmaking sites are complete hokum.
Well, most of it is being applied to unravelling the secrets of the universe while the rest of it’s wondering why I’m having this conversation with you.
He didn’t date. It was pon farr. His blood boiled with mating lust.
I don’t drink coffee.
As I will not be engaging in this nonsense, my choice of beverage is moot. But for the record, I only drink hot chocolate in months with an R in them.
What’s life without whimsy?
You’re bluffing.
Curse you.
In a few minutes, when I gloat over the failure of this enterprise, how would you prefer I do it? The standard I told you so? The classic neener-neener? Or just my normal look of haughty derision?
Haughty derision it is.
Hello, Amy Farrah Fowler. I’m sorry to inform you that you have been taken in by unsupportable mathematics designed to prey on the gullible and the lonely. Additionally, I’m being blackmailed with a hidden dirty sock.
Interesting. My mother and I have the same agreement about church.
Well, then you might want to avoid East Texas.
May I buy you a beverage?
